8-A12B
1
tv526739_8a12b.htm
8-A12B
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 8-A
FOR REGISTRATION OF CERTAIN CLASSES OF
SECURITIES
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
InMode Ltd.
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)
State of Israel
Not Applicable
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
Tavor Building, Sha’ar Yokneam
P.O. Box 533
Yokneam, Israel
2069206
(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)
Securities to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
to
be so registered
Name of each exchange on which
each
class is to be registered
Ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.01 per ordinary share
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
If this form relates to the registration
of a class of securities pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is effective pursuant to General Instruction A.(c) or
(e), check the following box.
x
If this form relates to the registration
of a class of securities pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and is effective pursuant to General Instruction A.(d) or
(e), check the following box.
¨
If this form relates to the registration
of a class of securities concurrently with a Regulation A offering, check the following box.
¨
Securities Act registration statement
or Regulation A offering statement file number to which this form relates: 333-232615
Securities to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Item 1. Description of Registrant’s Securities to be
Registered.
InMode Ltd. (the “Registrant”)
hereby incorporates by reference the description of its ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.01 per ordinary share, contained under
the heading “Description of Share Capital” in the prospectus included in the Registrant’s Registration Statement
on Form F-1 (File No. 333-232615), as originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”)
on July 11, 2019, and as subsequently amended through the date hereof (as amended, the “Registration Statement”). In
addition, all of the above-referenced descriptions included in any prospectus relating to the Registration Statement subsequently
filed by the Registrant with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, shall be deemed
to be incorporated by reference herein.
Item 2. Exhibits.
Pursuant to the Instructions as to exhibits
with respect to Form 8-A, no exhibits are required to be filed, because no other securities of the Registrant are registered on
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the securities registered hereby are not being registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.
Date: August 5, 2019
INMODE LTD.
By:
/s/ Yair Malca
Name: Yair Malca
Title: Chief Financial Officer