Trading Update
Trading Update
Released :
29/01/2026 07:00
RNS Number : 8218Q
Somero Enterprises Inc.
29 January 2026
29 January 2026
Somero Enterprises, Inc.
("Somero" or "the Company")
Trading Update
Solid H2 trading supported by seasonality and new product contribution
Somero® provides the following update on trading for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.
Trading
The Board is pleased to report improved trading in H2 2025, as anticipated, supported by an uplift in second half seasonality and the positive impact of new and next-generation product launches. It expects the Company to report FY 2025 revenue of approximately
US$ 88.9m
(2024:
US$ 109.2m
), in line with previous guidance and market expectations, with H2 revenues up 23.4% on H1 to
$49.1m
.
Customer response to products launched in the second half of the year has been positive. The next generation S-15EZ and the new Hammerhead Laser Screed, designed for quality, simplicity and affordability, targeting the low- to mid-range concrete contractor segment, collectively contributed approximately
US$ 13.0m
. A strong finish to the year was supported by excellent operational performance in fulfilling customer orders globally, alongside continued focus on cost efficiency.
Demand for US non-residential construction was mixed, with positive support from long-term trends across key end-markets, but this has not fully translated into customer purchases. Customers report improved levels of bidding activity and healthy backlogs entering FY 2026, albeit with continuing uncertainty linked to tariffs, interest rates, restrictive immigration policies and ongoing geopolitical conflicts. The Board expects to report FY 2025 North America revenues of
US$ 68.1m
(2024:
US$ 82.2m
).
Revenues in
Europe
, the Company's second largest market, improved in H2 2025 compared to H1, and the Board expects to report revenues of
US$ 8.9m
(2024:
US$ 14.6m
). While trading continued to be impacted by the same macro-economic and geopolitical headwinds, competitive pressures and US-related uncertainty reported previously,
Europe
remains a priority international market. The Company is focused on strengthening its presence there through increasing market awareness, optimizing product and pricing for local markets, and expanding its dealer network.
Australian revenues are anticipated to represent a decline of 15% to
US$ 5.6m
(2024:
US$ 6.6m
). Following a period of exceptional growth post the transition from a dealer model to direct sales and aided by the addition of key sales and support personnel, trading in
Australia
appears to be normalizing to more sustainable levels.
In the Rest of World segment, which comprises regions that each contribute modest revenue and therefore are susceptible to volatility period-to-period, the Board expects to report overall relatively consistent sales at
US$ 6.3m
(2024:
US$ 5.8m
). Improvement in the
Middle East
and
India
was offset by declines in
Latin America
and
Southeast Asia
.
In FY 2025, parts and service revenue, including accessories sold with machines, declined 11% to
US$ 17.0m
(2024:
US$ 19.1m
), a smaller decrease than overall revenue, reflecting the Company's strategic drive to grow recurring revenue, including the establishment of the Belgium Sales and Service Center and other supporting initiatives.
The Board expects the Company to report FY 2025 adjusted EBITDA of
US$ 17.5m
, in line with previous guidance and market expectations. Year-end cash is anticipated to be better than expected at
US$ 33.2m
, as a result of elevated advance customer deposits, the favorable impact of new US tax legislation, and lower than expected capital expenditures and interim dividend payout. These estimates remain subject to any audit adjustments.
Strategic Progress
The Company has made encouraging progress in delivering against
the long-term strategic framework it outlined at the half-year, with initiatives developed across the organization and implementation underway. More detail on progress against our
strategic pillars of 'Fortify, Innovate, and Amplify'
will be provided in the FY 2025 results.
Outlook
The Board anticipates continued market volatility in FY 2026. While there are early signs of improving customer confidence, uncertainty persists.
The Company's strategic initiatives, including expanding the product range to address the broader mid-range concrete contractor segment, are expected to make meaningful contributions to FY 2026 trading. Against this, sales of large-line Boomed Screeds have continued to trend down from the elevated levels in 2021, with large scale projects continuing to be adversely affected by interest rates, tariffs, and reduced warehouse sizes for final mile delivery.
With consideration of these factors, the Board expects overall trading in FY 2026 to be broadly similar to that of FY 2025, with commensurate profits and cash generation.
The Board remains confident in the long-term, underlying drivers for Somero's products which, coupled with the recently implemented strategic initiatives, renders Somero agile to react to shifting market dynamics. With clear global market leadership, a strong financial position and a commitment to innovation, the Board believes it is well placed to capture demand when market activity strengthens.
Somero's final results for 2025 are scheduled for release on 10 March 2026.
Tim Averkamp, CEO of Somero, said:
"FY 2025 closed out strongly as expected against a backdrop of persistent near-term uncertainty. We are pleased with the performance of our newer products which are broadening our addressable market and gaining traction in the US and European markets.
Customers are more optimistic about 2026 but remain cautious. We are staying close to them and to our teams around the world, delivering with discipline and consistency, preserving margins and continuing to invest in product development.
Somero has weathered extended periods of market softness before and our priorities are clear. We are focused on protecting the core strength of the business, continuing to invest in our product and technology pipeline, and building the commercial platform to accelerate growth when market conditions improve."
This announcement contains inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of EU Regulation 596/2014 as retained as part of
UK
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 as amended. Upon the publication of this Announcement, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain.
For further information, please contact:
Somero Enterprises, Inc.
www.somero.com
Tim Averkamp, CEO
+1 239 210 6500
Enzo LiCausi, CFO
Howard Hohmann, EVP Sales
Cavendish Capital Markets Ltd (NOMAD and Broker)
+44 (0)20 7220 0500
Matt Goode/Seamus Fricker/Trisyia Jamaludin (Corporate Finance)
Tim Redfern/Harriet Ward (ECM)
Alma Strategic Communications (Financial PR)
[email protected]
David Ison
+44 (0)20 3405 0205
Rebecca Sanders-Hewett
Will Merison
This information is provided by RNS, the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the
United Kingdom
. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information, please contact
[email protected]
or visit
www.rns.com
.
RNS may use your IP address to confirm compliance with the terms and conditions, to analyse how you engage with the information contained in this communication, and to share such analysis on an anonymised basis with others as part of our commercial services. For further information about how RNS and the London Stock Exchange use the personal data you provide us, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
END
TSTAKFBPNBKBKDB