INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 future. Adapt tomaster the

Strong Teleperformance in 2023 Page 4 Majorel acquisition Page 6 Business model Page 8 Megatr ends Pages 10-15 Our strategy Page 16 Creating value for all our stakeholders Page 18 Double materiality analysis Page 20 Support for the United Nations Global Compact Page 22 Digital technology serving customer r elations Page 26 People, a ke y priority Page 28 Emplo yee testimonials Page 30 Diversity and inclusion Page 32 TP , driver of inclusion and social mobility Page 34 We are all committed! Page 36 Ethics and corpor ate governance Page 40 Experienced and diversified governance Page 42 CSR governance Page 44 Executive remuneration Page 45 Integrated and sustainable performance Page 46 A recognized model Page 48 our Value CREATING BUSINESS MODEL OUR FUNDAMENTALS: GOVERNANCE AND PERFORMANCE our Dna A COMBINATION OF HIGH‑TECH AND HIGH‑TOUCH MESSAGE FROM DANIEL JULIEN Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Page 1 ———— 2023 was a year of profitable growth and many success that have positioned the gr oup for a solid future. DANIEL JULIEN Chairman and Chief Executive Officer In a volatile economic and geopolitical environment, Teleperformance not only continued to grow its business delivering a record €8.4 billion in r evenue, but also improved its operating margin by +40 basis points and its cash flo w b y mor e than +15%. Our pr ofitability model has created one of the highest annual EBIT A margins in the industry . In addition to our successes, there are challenges that we ar e overcoming. The global slowdown in volumes, the impact of r egional crises on client decision- making processes, and the shift in consumer behavior after several years of pandemic lockdowns all slowed the Group’s traditional revenue growth. In this environment, our r elentless focus on maximizing oper ational efficiency with flawless e xecution enabled us to drive much faster development of our offshor e solutions. 2023 also saw the successful acquisition of Major el, which was completed in record time and was recently honored with the “French Deal of The Year” prize awarded by Global Capital, a renowned institution in the financial sector in Eur ope which has been r ewarding the best financial tr ansactions for o ver 20 years. As a r esult of this acquisition, T eleperformance has given birth to a ne w, more diverse company, in terms of markets, client verticals and expertise. It strengthens Teleperformance’s #1 global leadership position and pro vides a new springboard for our future. The “new Teleperformance” r epresents nearly 500,000 emplo yees, more than €10 billion in r evenue and mor e than €2 billion in EBITD A. Innovation is at the heart of Teleperformance’s “High T ouch-High Tech” strategy, including the development of Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions designed to increase pr oductivity and accuracy. Today, many clients are depending on us to manage mor e than 250 AI-projects including pr ojects that incorpor ate Gen-AI components, to help accelerate their o wn business results. In this highly mobile, increasingly complex world, we launched TP Infinity , whose client consulting solutions are e xpected to sustain and support the Group’s transformation into mor e high value-added business segments. The Group’s growth is not only sustained but also responsible. Thus, I am proud to renew our commitment to the United Nations Global Compact, which we fully support through our activities and CSR policies. People are still an important ingredient to our value proposition. In 2023, T eleperformance confirmed that it is the industry’s preeminent employer by creating many ne w jobs ar ound the world in a workplace environment of e xcellence and emplo yee well-being. For the first time, the Gr oup was named one of the top five W orld’s Best W orkplaces™ 2023 b y Fortune and Great Place to W ork®. Teleperformance is no w certified as a Gr eat Place t o Work® in 72 countries, covering more than 99% of its workfor ce, demonstr ating the trust and engagement of our emplo yees. In 2024, Teleperformance’s priority will be to pursue its profitable, cash-generating growth model despite the uncertain environment we are operating in today. With agility and fle xibility, the Gr oup will continue to tightly manage its costs and harvest the syner gies expected to be cr eated b y the Major el integr ation. We will incr ease the pr omotion of our offshor e and digital solutions to meet clients’ gro wing demand for optimized efficiency . Looking be yond 2024, Teleperformance’s business fundamentals are solid in both our cor e business and specialized services. We will also continue to pursue tar geted acquisitions, particularly in specialized services. The Group r ecently made some important decisions concerning its governance, to secure the future of the “ new Teleperformance”. Following unanimous approval b y the Boar d of Dir ectors, Bhupender Singh and I will be acting as co-CEOs of the Gr oup until the end of 2025. This decision has been taken in or der to ensur e a smooth leadership transition, with the objective of separ ating the r esponsibilities of Chairman and CEO after this date. MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 1

our Value Reinventing the customer experience together. Resolutely focused on value creation, our business model has been built to help brands streamline and optimize their interactions with their customers. Thanks to our ability to transform while keeping our identity we are able to meet the challenges that come our way. CREATING BUSINESS MODEL 2 — 3 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

Global leadership The acquisition of Majorel, a major European business services provider, has strengthened Teleperformance’s position as a global leader in digital business services and consolidated its st atus as leader or major player in the ke y developed economies. Teleperformance is pursuing its value creation strategy thr ough integrated, sustainable and profitable growth for the benefit of all its partners, clients, shareholders and emplo yees, by combining organic growth with targeted acquisitions. This development plan is based on a long-term vision. The Group’s objective o ver the ne xt t hree to fiv e years is to acceler ate its transformation into a solid, undisputed global leader in business services, specializing in digital business services, with sales of over €15 billion. Nearly 500,000 employees ~ 40% work-from-home employees 72 countries certified by Gr eat Place to W ork® covering more than 99% of employees* Integrated services offering ‣Customer Care and Technical Support; ‣Content Moderation and related services (T rust & Safety); ‣Customer Acquisition and Retention; ‣Digital Marketing, Integrated Complex back/middle/front-office S ervices, Knowledge Services for Business Processes, Digital Expertise and Cloud I ntegration; ‣High-value-added specialized services (collections, interpr etation and localization, visa and consular services, recruitment pr ocess outsourcing services, and healthcar e support). Geographies ‣Teleperformance operates in nearly 100 countries and manages pr ograms in about 300 languages and dialects in 170 markets based on a fle xible global operating model. TELEPERFORMANCE IN 2023 Teleperformance’s mission is to reduce friction and strengthen the relationship between companies and their customers, and between government agencies and ci tizens, through the efficient management of their daily interactions. Activities Teleperformance is a global leader in digital business services. The Gr oup implements digital strategies to optimize and tr ansform the customer e xperience and other business processes for companies and go vernment agencies to make their inter actions simpler, faster, safer and mor e cost-effective. Backed b y o ver 45 years of e xperience, the Gr oup offers its clients omnichannel, high value-added custom solutions, applying a thr ee-dimensional approach aimed at de veloping the Group’s client sector and country e xpertise across a broad range of services. This distinctive appr oach enables the Gr oup to tackle the gr owing complexity of client demand worldwide: Teleperformance's leadership In 9 of the world’s top 10 countries* by GDP in 2023 *Except Japan. *Excluding Major el. Operations in almost 100 countries Client verticals ‣Governments ‣Consumer goods ‣Travel, hospitality and transportation ‣Retail and E-commerce ‣Energy ‣Social media, entertainment and gaming ‣Healthcare ‣Banking, financial services and insurance ‣Technology ‣Telecommunications Top 10 countries where Teleperformance operates b y number of employees Countries where Teleperformance operates Countries Teleperformance serves ‣United States ‣China ‣Germany ‣India ‣United Kingdom ‣France ‣Italy ‣Brazil ‣Canada TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 4 — 5

Teleperformance* TTEC Telus International Concentrix** Source: Group and corporate estimates. * Majorel included. ** Webhelp included. Foundever (ex-Sitel) AtentoAlorica 0 2,000 4,000 6,000 8,000 10,000 12,000 54% North America 32% Europe 14% Others * Top 250. CLIENTS BREAKDOWN BY NATIONALITY* 4% Specialized Services 60% Americas*36% EMEA & APAC REVENUE BREAKDOWN BY ACTIVITY* * North America, India, Philippines and LAT AM. MAJOREL acquisition On November 8, 2023, Tel eperformance closed the acquisition of Majorel, whose shareholders tendered over 99.9% of the Company’s shares in r esponse to the offer, heralding the emergence of a “new Teleperformance” . ———— This acquisition has driven the emer gence of a ne w T eleperformance, one that is str onger in every way, especially in terms of geogr aphies, verticals, and lines of expertise. It sets the stage for r obust growth and global leadership o ver the coming year . Together, with our shared commitment to the core values of Integrity , Respect, Professionalism, Innovation and Commitment, we will continue to be a best-in-class xample of diversity, equity, and inclusion. DANIEL JULIEN Chairman and CEO, Teleperformance Group A new springboard for T eleperformance THE MAJOREL ACQUISITION OFFERS TELEPERFORMANCE A NEW SPRINGBOARD FOR FURTHER GRO WTH OVER THE COMING YEARS. WITH THIS OPERA TION, THE GROUP STRENGTHENS: 1 A complementary geogr aphical presence Its global footprint, especially in Europe, including Fr ance and Germany, wher e T eleperformance has a r elatively limited pr esence, as well as in Asia. 2 Enhanced verticalization Its positioning in a number of high -gr owth potential verticals, such as financial services, insur ance and luxury goods. 3 High value-added digital expertise Its digital e xpertise with 3,000 experts in digital tr ansformation and e xpertise in claim management and end-to-end document pr ocessing as additional opportunities. The acquisition also provides opportunities to improve efficiencies, including potential synergies in the ar eas of IT (licenses, equipment, procur ement, etc.), site management and cost mutualization of ar ound 150 million eur os b y 2025. Majorel, a European leader in business services WITH OVER 30 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE MAJOREL OPERA TES THREE SERVICE LINES: ‣Omnichannel customer experience management ‣Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) ‣The development of digital services dedicated to the customer e xperience More than 82,000 employees ~ 450 clients Active in almost 45 countries Strenghtened global leadership THE “NEW TELEPERFORMANCE” IN FIGURES €10bn+ in revenue* €2bn+ in EBITDA* Activities in nearly 100 countries WORLD NUMBER 1 IN ITS MARKET With pr o forma r evenue of ar ound 10 billion eur os (including Major el o ver 12 months), T eleperformance’s worldwide market shar e is 10%. OUTSOURCED CUST OMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT SECTOR BY REVENUE (published and estimated 2022 data, in millions of US dollars) A well-balanced global footprint * 2023 pro forma data. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 6 — 7

BUSINESS MODEL Through its operations, Teleperformance creates long-term value for stakeholders b y leveraging the best available technologies and human r esources to pr ovide simpler, faster, safer customer interactions and mor e c ost-effective customer interactions. SECTOR EXPERTISE Health Technology Financial services Energy Retail and e-com m erce Travel Media and entertainment Government agencies Telecom Health Technology Financial services Energy Retail and e-com m erce Travel M edia and entertainment Government agencies Telecom CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Provide an exceptional experience with every interaction, helping our clients attract and retain their customers and strengthen their brand. BACK-OFFICE Facilitate the managem ents of our clients’ business processes (content moderation, fi nance, visas, security risk m anagem ent). Support our clients’ digital transformation and process optimization, through KNOWLEDGE SERVICES Technology and artificial intelligence Automation and artificial intelligence are constantly pr ogressing and permanently transforming the economy and society as a whole. Ho wever, the r apid expansion of these technologies entails risks in terms of cybersecurity . p.10 Climate change Temperature and pollution are rising each year and the risk of natural disasters is incr easing. Shortages of water , food and commodities are to be expected, and biodiversity is under threat. p.12 Global economy: slowdown and multipolarization Economic policies resulting from the pandemic, inflationary pressur e and geopolitical unrest ar e contributing to an economic slo wdown. p.14 Megatrends Our values Integrity Respect Professionalism innovation Commitment Our ambition Become an undisputed world leader in digitally integr ated business services Our mission Reducing friction and strengthening the relationship between businesses and consumers, government agencies and citizens HUMAN Nearly 500,000 employees (incl. Major el) 300 languages and dialects FINANCIAL €8.3bn revenue 15.5% EBITA before non-recurring items €812M net free cash flow INDUSTRIAL Over 600 sites 57 countries using TP Cloud Campus (work-from-home solution) Multilingual centers Customer Journey Showrooms INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL Operational Processes and Standards CX Lab research center Over 100 proprietary digital platforms SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP Nearly 1,400 clients(1) 170 markets Citizen of the World philanthropic initiative ENVIRONMENTAL 402,493 tons of CO2 emitted (Scope 1, 2 and 3) 33,862 MWh of electricity used EMPLOYEES €5.6bn in wages and social security charges 61% internal promotion 99% of employees working in a subsidiary certified as a “Best W orkplace” CLIENTS 28% of revenue with Top 10 clients 47% of revenue from the digital economy(2) 14 years average client relationship CONSUMERS 1bn contacts(2) Personalized customer experience Data security: BCR, GDPR SUPPLIERS Lasting partnerships €948M of external expenses SHAREHOLDERS €227M in dividends COMMUNITIES €349M income tax paid €7.6M in donations to NGOs 42,000 hours of volunteer work ENVIRONMENT 51% decrease in Scope 1 & 2 carbon footprint per employee(3) versus 2019 34.7% renewable energies CREATING VALUE FOR ALL ST AKEHOLDERS RESOURCES CONTRIBUTION TO SDGs(4) (1) Excluding Specialized Services (30,000 clients, including individuals). (2) Ex cluding Specialized Services. (3) Full-time equivalent. (4) Sustainable De velopment Goals. consulting analytics and automation solutions. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 8 — 9

Megatrends 1 TRANSFORMING THE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE Teleperformance harnesses automated digital solutions to offer an enhanced customer advisor service: By placing cutting-edge technology at the disposal of its e xpert communication team, the Gr oup can better r espond to client demands. Nearly 10 years ago, T eleperformance and Samsung Benelux established a strong partnership to set up a 24/7 customer service combining human advisors and bots, particularly for night-time service. + 15% Improvement in customer satisfaction 30% Improvement in r esponse time 2 EFFICIENCY AND PRODUCTIVITY TP GenAI enables Teleperformance employees to focus on the most valuable parts of their work. This solution includes enriching, r eorganizing and redirecting the initial proposal, then communicating it with empathy to the customer to build customer lo yalty to the brand ultimately. For a client that is a key player in the online sales market, Teleperformance deployed a conversational AI solution called Digital Floorwalker. The solution has improved the quality of the digital assistant and provided a self-improvement mechanism for training, developing and empowering employees to enhance their kno wledge and skills. 15% Reduction in customer wait times ———— TP GenAI is only a further step in our transformation as a leader in digital business services. T eleperformance is a high-touch, high-tech company that combines artificial intelligence with emotional intelligence to offer a mor e personalized, empathetic, people-centered customer experience. We ar e proud to offer gener ative AI solutions to help companies automate simple, lo w value- added tasks, ther eby enabling our employees to focus on what matters most: building customer lo yalty to the br and. DANIEL JULIEN Chairman and CEO, Teleperformance Group TECHNOLOGY AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE In 2023, the Group launched TP GenAI, a suite of generative artificial intelligence solutions based on Mi crosoft Azure Open AI services, as well as other Google and Amazon platforms. TP GenAI enables organizations to identify customer needs and points of friction quickly and precisely through a number o f different contact channels. The solution reduces handling time for advisors and injects more emp athy into the process of meeting consumer needs. TP GenAI also enables Teleperformance to optimize i ts in ternal support and back-office functions (HR, recruitment, finance, IT and training). While automation and artificial intelligence solutions have been an integr al part of our daily lives for some years, the emer gence of generative artificial intelligence (AI) grabbed everyone’s attention in 2023, particularly after the release of ChatGPT . Generative AI is a form of artificial intelligence focused on the autonomous creation of data and content. Applied in a wide r ange of fields, gener ative AI can be used to cr eate many types of content, including te xt, images, videos and music. T eleperformance has formed partnerships with key leaders in artificial intelligence and has de veloped a number of solutions that integr ate artificial intelligence to enhance the customer experience. The Gr oup’s added value mainly lies in its ability to integr ate these new technologies into a customer experience that is tailored to each individual. 3 EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE The Group’s major challenge is to hire and train a lar ge number of people who will thrive in their daily work. Integrating AI into internal processes enables human resources management to increase its agility, precision and efficiency. The improvement in workload gives HR staff time to focus on interpersonal tasks that lie outside the scope of AI. Additionally, digital recruitment techniques allow Teleperformance to identify and attr act the best talent more quickly, reduce the risks of recruiter bias and shorten recruitment time frames. The Company has deployed TP Simulation, a digital training and knowledge management platform, for a U .S. healthcare client. This platform has helped agents to gain confidence in their customer processes and systems. Training time was r educed by nearly 20% 4.1% Improvement in pr oblem-solving rate at first contact ———— Teleperformance has been integr ating artificial intelligence into its operations for many years to boost performance. W e are convinced that new technologies remain a major driver of gr owth and excellence for Teleperformance and our partners. BHUPENDER SINGH Deputy Chief Executive Officer ———— The relationship between Samsung and Teleperformance is based on inno vation. Seek out the ne xt good idea. And continue to find ne w ways to build the best possible customer e xperience. DAAN VAN DER MIJDEN Senior Director Customer Service, Samsung Benelux AI, a source of opportunities for Teleperformance Faced with the acceleration of this technology, Teleperformance seeks to create connections by delivering an enhanced customer e xperience (people-led, technology-driven) to offer each individual personalized r eal-time support. CYBERSECURITY AND DATA SECURITY The exponential development of new technologies and artificial intelligence has also increased data security risks. Teleperformance has made cybersecurity and data security a priority b y providing a compr ehensive data security framework aligned with the most stringent international standards, namely ISO 27001 for its Privacy Information Management System (PIMS) and ISO 27701 for its Project Talon cybersecurity program (this is a multi-year investment). These systems ensur e the protection of the entire Teleperformance ecosystem —clients, end-customers and employees. To go further: TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 10 — 11

2019 202320222021 CARBON FOOTPRINT (tCO2eq per FTE)* 1,1341,079 2,133 1,057 4% Scope 1 fuels and refrigerants 68% Scope 3 commuting, purchases and business flights 28% Scope 2 electricity BREAKDOWN OF 2023 CARBON FOOTPRINT 2026 EXPECTED ACHIEVEMENT OF THE <2°C TARGETS Scopes 1 and 2: -49% tCO2eq/employee vs. 2019. Over 30% renewable energies. Scope 3: -38.3%tCO 2eq/employee vs. 2019. 2040 CARBON NEUTRALITY Achieve net zero emissions for direct operations. 2021 CLIMATE PLEDGE SIGNATORY Teleperformance becomes one of the first 100 signatories to The Climate Pledge, a coalition of companies committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2040. 2021 VALIDATION OF <2°C SBTI TARGETS The Group’s carbon reduction targets are aligned with the <2°C trajectory approved by the SBTi (targets set for 2026, with 2019 as a baseline). 2030 EXPECTED ACHIEVEMENT OF THE <1.5°C TARGETS The <1.5°c targets are subject to a validation process by the SBTi. 2024 SUBMISSION OF NEW TARGETS <1.5 °C TO THE SBTI To strengthen its ambition and commitment, Teleperformance submits new targets for 2030, based on the more ambitious 1.5°c scenario. 2008 COTP Teleperformance launches its environmental program named Citizen of the Planet (COTP). 2011 GLOBAL COMPACT Teleperformance becomes a signatory to the UN Global Compact. Megatrends CLIMATE CHANGE The UN Climate Change Conference COP 28 reaffirmed the goals of the Paris Agreement and the urg ent need to ac celerate its implementation, primarily by tripling the world’s renewable energy capacity. T eleperformance is continuing its ecological transition and fight against climate change vi a the Ci tizen of the Planet (COTP) program, launched in 2008. COTP aims to promote r esponsible and en vironmentally friendly operations. Carbon reduction targets Teleperformance has adopted greenhouse gas emission reduction targets approved by the Science-Based T argets initiative (SBTi) and aligned with the objectives of the Paris Agreement, namely , to limit the average global temperature increase above pre-industrial levels to well belo w 2°C and to continue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5°C. The Gr oup has also joined the Climate Pledge, a coalition of over 400 companies committed to achie ving carbon neutrality by 2040. To gain further pr ogress towards this goal, T eleperformance is curr ently de veloping its 2030 tar gets. These tar gets, aligned with a warming tr ajectory limited to 1.5°C and integr ating the oper ations acquir ed fr om Majorel, ar e curr ently being validated. T o this end, the Group ’s CSR e xperts have successfully follo wed the UN Global Compact’ s Climate Accelerator training program. 2023 KPIS The environmental impacts of Teleperformance’s activities result mainly from electricity consumption (Scope 2), procurement and employee commuting (Scope 3). Specific programs have also been set up to deal with digital pollution issues related to the pr ocurement, use, and en-of-life of computer har dware. The Group promotes the cir cular economy by prioritizing the pur chase of greener equipment, r epairing it and extending its useful life, and setting up take-back, r ecycling and compensation schemes with suppliers. Carbon savings simulator TeleperfIn partnership with The Center for ESG and Sustainability (CESG) to de velop a simulator to measure the positive envir onmental impact of remote work. This exclusive tool quantifies the reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions r esulting from the use of TP Cloud Campus, T eleperformance’s work-from-home solution, compared to a tr aditional on-site operating model. On average, a T eleperformance employee working from home gener ates 55% less GHG emissions per year than an on-site emplo yee. ———— The Teleperformance simulator helps companies achie ve their o wn environmental targets. It is based on a quantified, verifiable, and certified methodology that complies with the GHG pr otocol. JAKE BELCHER, co-founder of CESG The CESG works in partnership with Columbia University’s International Resear ch Institute for Climate and Society . To achieve its objectives, the Group has developed initiatives across the whole operational cycle by involving its entire ecosystem HOW TO REDUCE THE GROUP’S IMPACT? Energy efficiency Energy management systems Green building criteria Green IT equipment Renewable energy Green tariffs Ener gy Attribute Certificates (EA C) Solar panels Digital tr ansformation Reduced emissions through digital solutions TP Cloud Campus (work-fr om-home solution) Migration to wards cloud services Waste management Office waste: recycling of plastics and furniture, waste r eduction and sorting at sour ce. Circularity: e-waste, repairs, recycling and donations HOW TO ENGAGE STAKEHOLDERS? Employee engagement and awareness-raising Training and volunteering campaigns Client and supplier partnerships HOW TO CONTRIBUTE TOWARDS RESTORATION? Global partnership with One Tree Planted, o ver 525,000 trees planted Biodiversity conservation campaigns W orld Cleanup Day HOW TO MONITOR AND REPORT ON THE GROUP’S IMPACT? GRI Integrated Report Task Force on Climate -r elated Financial Disclosures | TCFD Carbon Disclosure Project | CDP Compliance with ISO 14001 1 2 3 4 Our commitments SCIENCE BASED TARGETS Carbon reduction targets validated acr oss all three Scopes CLIMATE PLEDGE Net Zero by 2040, 10 years ahead of the Paris agr eement RENEWABLE ENERGY Increase renewable energy to at least 30% b y 2026 * Full-time equivalent. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

Megatrends GLOBAL ECONOMY: SLOWDOWN AND MULTIPOLARIZATION Many upheavals have occurred since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic that have impacted globalization. In 2023, markets experienced an unevenly distributed economic slowdown. Against this backdrop, energy transition and supply chain disruption are emerging as c entral leitmotifs. S&P credit rating The Group has the best credit rating in the customer e xperience management sector. Its long-term cr edit rating is: BBB Investment Grade, with stable perspective. Amid the global economic slowdown and multi-polarization of markets, Teleperformance is positioning well positioned as a r esult of adopting r obust strategies that support agile human r esources financial stability. Despite global economic challenges, the Company continues to le verage its status as a major emplo yer, which gives it access to a lar ge talent pool o wing to its presence in nearly 100 countries and its global work-fr om-home policy . STRONG INTERNATIONAL PRESENCE Backed by an integrated global network of onshore, nearshore, and offshor e multilingual oper ations performed by emplo yees working at home or on-site, Teleperformance offers a unique r ange of smart- shoring solutions worldwide, tailor ed to client needs and constr aints. W orking thr ough committed e xpert teams based worldwide and managed centrally , the Group pr ovides optimum oper ational fle xibility while eliminating geographic boundaries. T eleperformance is the most multicultural company in its sector . Through its business, the Group breaks down barriers and connects people despite isolationist trends. T eleperformance’s Impact Sour cing pr ogram employs people who ar e otherwise typically excluded from employment, including a large number of r efugees. Teleperformance is also expanding its services, tar geting new domestic markets, particularly in Asia and Africa. A TTRACTIVE WORKING CONDITIONS The Group stands out for its commitment to offering employment to talented young people, having hired some 96,500 young people for their first professional e xperience in 2023. TP’ s efficient recruitment and r etention str ategies are essential to help manage labor shortages, ther eby strengthening its positioning in the global market. Meanwhile, initiatives to pr omote attractive working conditions, as recognized by rankings such as Fortune and Gr eat Place to W ork®, highlight the Company’s desire to cr eate a professional environment conducive to employee fulfillment. Fle xible working methods such as the TP Cloud Campus work-fr om-home solution also help build a dynamic corpor ate culture. GROWTH AND FINANCIAL STABILITY The Gr oup’s gr owth is driven b y a diversified client portfolio and the development of high-value-added specialized services. The Gr oup continues to achieve a sustainable financial performance that allo ws it to pay a living wage despite inflation, and to shar e value it creates with all stakeholders. Access to financing is facilitated b y S&P’ s BBB cr edit r ating. GLOBAL COMPLIANCE FRAMEWORK The Legal and Compliance department is represented in all r egions and local practices are periodically assessed to ensur e compliance with the most stringent international standards. HEALTH AND SAFETY The Group applies robust and recognized occupational health and safety policies and continuity plans. Eight countries co vering nearly 50% of the workforce are already ISO 45001 certified. Teleperformance has also developed specialized services to help pr otecting health in the community, such as interpr etation services for foreigners and the hearing impair ed in hospitals. The Group has str engthened its expertise in this sector through targeted acquisitions. 96,500 people hired for their first job e xperience in 2023 60% of employees work in an ISO 45001-certified subsidiary TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 14 — 15

OUR STRATEGY Adapting to meet future challenges: The global economic situation is marked by a slowdown impacted by persistent challenges such as inflation, supply chain disruptions, and economic inequality. Geopolitical conflicts are increasing, and concerns about cybersecurity, climate, and r egional security are intensifying. New technologies are being developed at an accelerating pace, and generative artificial intelligence, is at the heart of the social debate, bringing great opportunities but also uncertainties. Against this backdrop, Teleperformance is r einventing and transforming itself without losing sight of its mission: to combine human skills and technology to facilitate inter actions of incr easing number and complexity between clients, consumers, and citizens. ADAPTING TO FUTURE CHALLENGES MEANS LEARNING TO NA VIGATE THE C URRENT ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN AMID INCREASING C OMPLEXITY. Continue to drive the high -touch, high-tech str ategy Teleperformance’s unique high-touch, high-tech positioning, combining human aspects with technology, gener ates mor e efficient tr ansformation solutions and gives po wer back to employees and end-users b y cr eating meaningful interactions. Amid the boom in digital technology , customer relations must be mor e efficient but also mor e human and personalized to continue to de velop loyalty and create value. Make employees a key priority As companies struggle to identify and recruit the right people, it is essential to attr act and retain talent by pr omoting a strong corporate culture, offering attr active working conditions, and factoring employees into the or ganization’s future plans. Remain the preferred partner for digital acceler ation at a time of uncertainty and disruption In an uncertain envir onment, companies must reinvent themselves, keep up with the latest trends, and adopt inno vative solutions. No w that artificial intelligence is r evolutionizing communication and working methods, companies are, more than ever, in need of a trusted partner to guide them thr ough their digital transformation and customer relations journey. Boasting o ver 40 years of e xpertise, Teleperformance has positioned itself as the ideal partner for helping clients to improve their customer e xperience and growing brand equity. By positioning itself at the cutting edge of inno vation, Teleperformance helps the most prestigious brands accelerate their digital transformation in a wide variety of sectors. Our targets ACHIEVE €15 BILLION IN R EVENUE WITHIN THREE T O FIVE YEARS, by driving sustained organic growth, developing digital tr ansformation solutions and continuing to make tar geted acquisitions in high value-added services. CONTINUE TO OBTAIN BEST WOR KPLACE CERTIFICATION, reflecting a strong commitment to employees. MAINTAIN A BALANCED GENDER DISTRIBUT ION in the Group’s workforce and management positions, raise the proportion of women in management bodies and pursue actions in favor of diversity and inclusion. STEP UP THE COMMITMENT TO C OMBATING CLIMATE CHANGE by reducing carbon emissions, in accordance with the objectives appr oved b y the Science-Based T argets initiative (SBTi) and incr easing the r enewable ener gy share of the Gr oup’s total electricity consumption. UPHOLD ITS COMMITMENT TO L OCAL C OMMUNITIES, through the Citizen of the World philanthr opic pr ogram and by strengthening Impact Sour cing programs (inclusive r ecruitment). STEP UP OUR TRANSFORMATION Create tailor-made, innovative solutions to meet the needs of each client. De velop strong value-added digital solutions and continue to de velop fast-growing specialized services. ‣Digital transformation, analytics and Business Pr ocess Outsour cing (BPO) system ‣Business expertise ‣Content moderation services bolstered by the acquisition of Majorel CONSOLIDATE OUR SECTOR EXPERTISE Pr ovide integrated solutions tailor ed to each business sector. ‣Increase verticalization of solutions ‣Client proximity ‣Strong growth in the healthcare, public services and financial services sectors STRENGTHEN OUR INTERNATIONAL PRESENCE Offer fle xible smart-shoring solutions throughout the world. Continue to expand into growth markets. Rely on diverse and multicultur al teams as a driver of performance. ‣Work-from-home solution TP Cloud Campus ‣Operating in 100 countries ‣Acquisition of Majorel and strengthening our pr esence in China and Eur ope Our strategic priorities for driving sustainable development To successfully carry out its mission, Teleperformance has developed a strategy based on three main areas. Our strategic drivers HIGH -TOUCH Place the human dimension and empathy at the center of the customer e xperience. Recruit, train and retain the best talent. De velop a Gr eat Place to Work® ecosystem. HIGH -TECH Rely on cutting-edge technology, automation, predictive models and the most stringent data security and cybersecurity standards. LEAN SIX SIGMA Achieve solid overall performance and operational excellence through standardized procedures. Our mission Reduce friction and strengthen the relationship between businesses and consumers, government agencies and citizens b y efficiently managing a gro wing number of interactions in a changing and incr easingly complex world. Our ambition Become an undisputed world leader in digital business services. CSR commitments underpinning the value creation model Be the preferred employer in the market driven by a strong commitment to the well-being, safety, diversity and inclusion of the Group’s employees Be a trusted partner committed to compliance with the strictest ethical standar ds Be a force of good by developing environmentally friendly pr actices and contributing to local communities TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 16 — 17

€349 million Government Income tax paid €948 million Suppliers External expenses (telecoms, upkeep, etc.) €227 million Shareholders Dividends €5,604 million Employees Payroll expenses €261 million Rent €8,345 million 2023 revenue Strengthening stakeholder dia logue In December 2022, Teleperformance and UNI signed a global agreement to strengthen their shar ed commitments to employee’s rights to form tr ade unions and participate in collective bar gaining. This agreement also reflects a determination to impr ove the working environment, particularly health and safety. The agr eement covers all Group employees. One year later, the global agreement has alr eady been implemented in Colombia, El Salvador , Jamaica, Poland and Romania, covering over 50,000 employees. An international health and safety working gr oup has also been established, bringing together management, workers, experts and UNI-affiliated tr ade unions to review health and safety risks. ———— Teleperformance is leading the way in its industry for respecting human rights due diligence. Together with the Company and unions on the ground, we are making our global agreement a reality by improving safety for workers, especially content moderators. We look forward to deepening our relationships with management at all levels of the corpor ation to further training and recognition for fr eedom of association and collective bar gaining. CHRISTY HOFFMAN Secretary General, UNI Global Union CREATING VALUE FOR ALL OUR STAKEHOLDERS Teleperformance is committed to being an efficient and sustainable model of value creation for all its stak eholders. As such, the Group seeks to generate full satisfaction among all its stakeholders every day: A satisfi ed employee is the first step towards ensuring end-user satisfaction and, therefore, satisfying Teleperformance’s clients. This “satisfaction chain” needs to function smoothly to create value for the entire Group ecosystem (shareholders, local communities, suppliers, lenders, etc.). Teleperformance conducts an ong oing dialog with its main stakeholders to understand and meet their expectations. Dialog with our main stakeholders Sharing value-added FLOWS REDISTRIBUTED TO STAKEHOLDERS Teleperformance seeks to share its value creation among all its stakeholders. As such, a lar ge portion of the value gener ated by the Group is redistributed. Sharing the economic value it has created is an important principle adopted by Teleperformance. The Gr oup is committed to ensuring that this economic value also benefits society , b y e xamining its o verall needs and challenges. Teleperformance is committed to seeing social pr ogress alongside its o wn success. Dialog methods Needs and expectations Strategic response EMPLOYEES Recognized as the 5 th World’s Best W orkplace™ 2023 by Fortune magazine and Gr eat Place to W ork® Employee satisfaction surveys, chats with the CEO, focus gr oups, intranet, coaching, and performance r eviews ‣Wellbeing at work, diversity, and inclusion ‣Competitive remuneration ‣Career development ‣Health and wellness programs ‣Attractive remuneration package ‣Training and development to achie ve full potential ‣Strong focus on diversity, equity and inclusion pr ograms CLIENTS Our main clients have been with us for 14 years on aver age Client satisfaction surveys, RFPs, strategic account management, events, website, partnerships ‣Customer satisfaction and loyalty ‣Growth and digital transformation ‣Profitable and secure solutions ‣Enhanced customer experience, advanced data analytics, digitalization and automation ‣Industry-specific expertise ‣Smartshoring ‣Operational standards CONSUMERS Over 1 billion inter actions in 2023 Systematic customer satisfaction surveys and, omnichannel contacts ‣Identify a simple and fast solution to their pr oblems, wherever they may be ‣Emotional intelligence ‣Omnichannel solutions ‣Multilingual capabilities ‣Data security (RGPD, ISO 27701, BCR appr oval) COMMUNITIES 996,500 young people hir ed for their first job €7.6 million in donations to NGOs V olunteer work, partnerships with go vernment departments and NGOs, industry associations ‣Develop local economies and jobs ‣Use natural resources responsibly ‣Major employer and Impact Sourcing ‣Citizen of the World charity initiative ‣Citizen of the Planet environmental initiative SUPPLIERS Strategic partnerships and strengthening the responsible procurement policy RFPs and business relations ‣Balanced relationship and compliance with payment terms ‣Standardized supplier management procedur e ‣Compliance with contract terms SHAREHOLDERS The TP AI Open Doors event organized in September 2023 demonstrated to more than 65 attending investors and analysts how TP integrates artificial intelligence into its operations Roadshows, shareholders’ meetings, financial r eporting and publications ‣Stable and sustainable performance ‣Transparency and sound go vernance ‣Solid, sustainable financial performance ‣Integration of best practices in corpor ate governance and CSR TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 18 — 19

DOUBLE MATERIALITY ANALYSIS In 2023, Teleperformance updated its non-financial risk mapping and mat eriality matrix after consulting its main stakeholders and hol ding in terviews on non-financial issues. As part of the preparations for compliance with the CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), Teleperformance conducted a double materiality analysis, assessing all sustainability issues in terms of impact materiality and financial materiality . Teleperformance has chosen to publish its double materiality analysis this year in the interests of transparency. Teleperformance details its methodology in the 2023 Universal Registration Document. For each of the environmental, social and governance issues contained in the ESRS*, the Group first identified the corresponding impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs). This identification pr ocess is based on international standar ds (ISO 26000, United Nations Global Compact, Sustainable De velopment Goals and their tar gets, and GRI standar ds), industry benchmarks, media monitoring and analysis of existing internal documentation, in particular , Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). In addition, the Gr oup uses international indexes to assess the gr oss risk level of countries in its oper ations and value chain, and, thus identify ar eas of vigilance (Global Climate Risk Inde x, Human Rights Inde x Scor e, and Corruption Per ceptions Inde x). The IROs wer e then analyzed and submitted to a panel of internal and e xternal stakeholders in the third quarter of 2023, which pr ovided valuable input to the analysis and assessment of their degr ee of impact and financial materiality. Intervie ws conducted in 2022 with ar ound 40 stakeholders have also been consider ed. 23 sustainability issues wer e assessed: — Environmental: greenhouse gas emission reduction, adaptation to climate change, responsible procurement, biodiversity, water, pollution and waste management. — Social: working conditions, social dialog, data privacy and data security (for T eleperformance emplo yees, clients and end-users), health and safety , equal treatment for all, tr aining and career development, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms in the value chain, working conditions and health and safety in the value chain, local emplo yment and impact on local communities, fundamental rights of end-users and pr otection of vulnerable users. — Governance: ethics and anti-corruption, corporate governance, political commitment and influence, and supplier r elations. IMPACT MATERIALITY Impact materiality corresponds to the economic, social (including human rights) and envir onmental impacts of a company ’s operations on its economic, social and natural environment. Impact materiality has been defined as a combination of: — Impact severity , whether positive or negative, actual or potential, determined accor ding to three criteria: magnitude of impact (degr ee of se verity), ex tent of impact and degr ee of r epairability (difficulty re pairing the r esulting damage). — Impact likelihood. Severity was r ated on a five-le vel scale, fr om “ negligible” to “ severe”. Likelihood was r ated on a five-le vel scale, from “ rare” to “almost certain”. FINANCIAL MATERIALITY Financial materiality assesses the risks and opportunities gener ated by external events, and the economic, social and natur al environment, with r egard to the Company ’s ability to continue generating value in the short, medium, and long term. Financial materiality may arise fr om operational, r eputational, human, environmental or health impacts. It was defined as the combination of: — Severity . — Probability of occurr ence and potential severity. Severity was r ated on a five-le vel scale, fr om “ negligible” to “se vere”, depending on the magnitude of the potential financial impact on the or ganization. Likelihood was also rated on a five-le vel scale, fr om “ rare” to “ almost certain ”. The financial materiality was determined based on the organization ’s risk mapping in consultation with executives from all Group departments. The risks and opportunities identified wer e then fed back into the Gr oup’s risk management system. Finally , the double materiality matrix was validated by the Ex ecutive Committee and the Board of Directors’ CSR Committee. Double materiality matrix The double materiality matrix presented below illustrates impact materiality (on the vertical axis) and financial materiality (on the horizontal axis) for each issue. The double materiality appr oach considers issues as material if the y have a strong impact on stakeholders and planet, and/or on the Company ’s economic performance. Thus, all issues with an impact and/or financial materiality le vel abo ve 3 (major or se vere impact) ar e consider ed material (color ed zone on the matrix belo w). ‣Working conditions ‣Ethics and anti-corruption ‣Responsible procurement ‣Human rights and fundamental fr eedoms (value chain) ‣Working conditions and health and safety in the value chain ‣Local employment and impact on local communities ‣ Reduction of greenhouse gas emissions ‣Adaptation to climate change ‣Health and safety (Teleperformance employees) ‣Social dialog ‣Data privacy and data security (clients and end-users) ‣Data privacy and data security (T eleperformance employees) ‣Relations with suppliers ‣Biodiversity ‣Protection of vulnerable users ‣Fundamental rights of end-users ‣Political commitment and influence ‣Equal treatment for all ‣Training and career de velopment ‣Waste management ‣Pollution ‣Water ‣Corporate governance IMPACT MATERIALITY FINANCIAL MATERIALITY 1 4 2 3 1 42 3 Materiality threshold Materiality threshold BE A FORCE OF GOOD E nvironment BE THE MARKET’S PREFERRED EMPLOYER Social BE A TRUSTED PARTNER Governance * European Sustainability Reporting Standards. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 20 — 21

SUPPORT FOR THE UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT The UN Global Compact’s governance framework, adopted by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan in 20 00, is a call to companies to align strategies and operations with universal principles on human righ ts, labor, environment, and anti-corruption, and take actions that adv ance societal g oals. As a signatory to the UN Global Compact since 2011, Teleperformance is c ommitted to upholding and promoting its ten fundamental principles and c ontributing to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals across the entire value chain Decent work and economic growth Allowing more people to obtain decent jobs is synonymous with str onger and more inclusive economic gr owth. As a major emplo yer in sever al de veloping countries, TP helps to fight unemployment and po verty b y offering its employees a decent job and pr oviding a fair income, occupational safety, social pr otection and a career path e ven in times of crisis. Reduced inequalities By recruiting people from vulner able communities and ensuring no discrimination in its oper ations, the Group aims to r educe inequalities among current and futur e employees. Each interaction is an opportunity to make a differ ence in people ’s lives. By pr oviding a customer experience and specialized services to people with limited access to such advantages, TP reduces inequalities outside its own or ganization. Climate action TP has committed to the Science-Based T argets initiative (SBTi) by setting bold gr eenhouse gas emission reduction tar gets in line with the Paris agreement objectives. Scope of action Teleperformance mainly focuses on Sustainable Development Goals #1, #5, #8, #10 and #13. No poverty By offering a decent permanent job to nearly 500,000 people, particularly in developing countries and regions with a high le vel of unemplo yment (e.g. India, Philippines, T unisia, Madagascar, South Africa), TP is helping to eliminate po verty. The Gr oup pursues a pr oactive policy focused on diversity, equity and inclusion in or der to offer job opportunities to individuals who normally have difficulty finding emplo yment (women, young people, vulnerable gr oups). Gender equality Having established a gender balance among the workfor ce and in management positions, TP has set bold tar gets for increasing the proportion of women in go verning bodies, thereby promoting gender equality acr oss the boar d through its global initiative, TP Women. TP helps pr omote women’ s emplo yment in de veloping countries. For e xample, TP has consider ably increased the pr oportion of women in its Indian workfor ce through the GenderSmart initiative. Positive impact for people and the environment Mitigation of risks to people and the environment INTERNAL INITIATIVES AND POLICIES 1.1 As a major employer in developing regions, TP strives to offer pr oper r emuneration to all its emplo yees. Inclusion programs. 4.4 TP lays on a wide range of training courses and de velopment programs for employees. 5.5 Higher proportion of women in management positions. The TP W omen initiative aims to achie ve gender equality acr oss the board. 8.3, 8.5, 8.6 TP is a major local emplo yer. 10.4 TP has set up programs to hire people from vulner able groups. 17.16, 17.17 TP has developed numerous partnerships with public and private or ganizations. TP has signed an agr eement with UNI Global Union to str engthen social dialog within its or ganization. 3.4, 3.8 TP has set up programs for health and wellbeing at work and offers health insur ance to employees. 7.2 Increasing the renewable energy share in TP’ s ener gy mix. 10.4 TP has adopted a diversity and inclusion policy as a means of achie ving greater equality. 13.2 TP is committed to reducing its carbon footprint per emplo yee. 16.5 Through a robust set of Group policies, TP is committed to complying with national and international standar ds and regulations that seek to pr omote the most stringent ethical standar ds. TP pr actices zero tolerance towards all forms of corruption and e xtortion and has de veloped a global anti-corruption pr ogram in line with the Fr ench Sapin II law . Rollout of a hotline policy for all internal and e xternal stakeholders. C OMPANY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 24% of TP’s revenue contributes directly to the SDGs, particularly in the healthcare sector and the provision of specialized services to support citizens. 3.8 TP provides interpreting services for foreigners or the hearing impair ed in hospitals. TP provides healthcar e support services (helplines, contact tr acing, health center call management). 8.1, 8.2 TP is a major player in high value-added and labor-intensive services and inno vation development. 9.C TP helps to make information accessible to e veryone, everywhere. 10.2 TP provides a customer experience to people with limited access. OUTSIDE THE C OMPANY 1.2, 1.5 TP pro vides support to children and victims of natur al disasters and humanitarian emergencies. 4.4 TP is committed to supporting education through its philanthr opy program. 13.3 TP raises awareness among employees about envir onmentally friendly practices. 15.1, 15.2, 15.3, 15.5 TP has formed a r eforestation partnership with One T ree Planted and supported the planting of 525,000 tr ees. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 22 — 23

our Dna A COMBINATION OF HIGH TECH & HIGH TOUCH Technology only makes sense if it is used for the benefit of people. Poweredby technology, people can focus on what matters most: enriching, reorganizing, refo- cusing and empathizing withothers and thei community. Teleperformance’s added value lies in its ability to combine technology with the human dimension, thereby creating an emotional link that contributes to the success of its customer relation optimization strategies. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 24 — 25

DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY SERVING CUSTOMER RELATIONS In an increasingly digital and automated world driven by a growing need for efficiency and speed, Tel eperformance seeks to streamline relations between clients, citizens, brands and g overnment ag encies fac ed with processes of increasing complexity. With more than 1,400 cli ents, Tel eperformance has the most di verse client base in its sector. Their loyalty, as demonstrated b y an a verage r etention rate o f 94% and an a verage client tenure of 14 years, is the best indi cator of their satisf action. TP Infinity: A catalyst for digital tr ansformation As a forward-looking company, Teleperformance is stepping up its digital transformation, relying strongly on artificial intelligence, to make its solutions simpler , faster, safer and mor e cost-effective. For this purpose, Teleperformance launched TP Infinity , a dedicated method for deplo ying high valued-added digital tr ansformation solutions tailored to individual client needs. TP INFINITY PRO VIDES THE FOLLOWING SERVICES: Consulting De velopment of customer e xperience strategies, pr ocess optimization and design of tar get oper ating models. T echnology Cloud-based solutions such as Contact Center as a Service (C CaaS), conversational AI, automation and AI. Digital marketing Development of br and str ategies, creative design and campaign e xecution. Data analysis Extraction of actionable information based on customer contacts, pr edictive machine-learning models and data visualization. TP‑aaS TP as a Service. INNOVATIVE HIGH‑PERFORMANCE SOL UTIONS Guided by the Group’s balanced high-tech, high-touch appr oach, our Trust & Safety teams standout for their mastery of cultural and linguistic subtleties, technical e xpertise, training in pr oblem-solving, and extensive knowledge of u ser e xpectations, while continuously helping to impr ove algorithms. ‣Content moderation ‣Advertising moderation and monetization ‣Artificial intelligence used to train, test, and impr ove algorithms ‣Fraud prevention for E-commerce and payment platforms ‣Application support and development ‣Digital media and copyright ‣Authentication ‣Social media community management SOLUTIONS FOCUSED ON E MPLOYEE WE LL‑BEING Teleperformance places great importance on the wellbeing and mental health of its moder ators. As such, special pr ocedures have been developed for them, including: ‣A bespoke hiring procedure involving a series of psychometric tests designed to identify r esilient candidates suited to this type of position ‣Resilience training provided to all managers, trainers, team leaders and resilience advisors to help them identify signs of emotional str ess and kno w how to deal with them ‣Personalized organization and infrastructure to pr ovide the right working environment: relaxation times, wellness workshops, stress management techniques, sports and yoga classes, r egular employee surveys, the right to disconnect ‣Access to a dedicated site-based Wellness team, including licensed counselors ‣A 24/7 external support program during and after the work cycle ‣A research department dedicated to continuously impr oving the wellbeing program, which carries out fr equent surveys in cooper ation with third-party tech pr oviders and e xperienced educational institutions such as Stanfor d University 93% Average Trust & Safety employee wellness satisfaction score Nearly 112,000 individual counseling sessions 25,000 experts providing Trust & Safety services (43,000 including Majorel) In 76 languages For 75 clients (96 with Majorel) 11,000 experts in technology and digital transformation (including 1,000 TP Infinity e xperts) Over 100 digital platforms TP Infinity is run by over 1,000 operating strategy experts, technical engineers, solutions consultants and creative e xperts based in 20 countries on five continents. In addition to TP Infinity , T eleperformance employs nearly 10,000 people worldwide who specialize in technologies such as artificial intelligence, r obotic process automation, cloud computing, information security, software development, networks, etc. The Group has developed a comprehensive set of around 100 digital platforms to support its transformation pr ojects, in addition to deploying tens of thousands of bots to facilitate customer contacts. A focus on Trust & Safety solutions Teleperformance’s Trust & Safety solutions provide ongoing protection consumer and client data pr otection, ensuring regulatory compliance, safeguarding brand reputation and making platforms safer in a wide r ange of sectors such as Social Media, E-commerce, T echnology, T ravel, Financial Services and Online Video Gaming. To go further: TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 26 — 27

PEOPLE, A KEY PRIORITY Teleperformance is committed to working for the wellbeing and personal development of its employees, the cornerstone of the Group’s organization. Corporate culture is based on diversity, equity, and inclusion, and the Gr oup seeks to provide thebest possible working envir onment allowing employees to learn every day, stay motivated, feelsafe, and thrive. The Group’s strategy centers on its people, who offer unique and meaningful inter actions for end-users and emplo yees. The Group strives to outdo its peers and pr ovide employees with industry-leading working and, attr active employment conditions in each market. This high-touch appr oach seeks to continually improve the employee experience by providing employees with support throughout their careers: hiring, integration, skills development, etc. For the third year in a row, Teleperformance was ranked among the 25 W orld’s Best Workplaces™, out of thousands of companies assessed, earning 5th place worldwide in 2023. This independent ranking, which is directly based on the objective opinions of emplo yees ar ound the world, r eflects the commitment of emplo yees to the Gr oup’s values and the top priority assigned to their well-being. Teleperformance University Employee training is at the heart of Teleperformance’s HR strategy. Training helps deliver the best service to clients and de velop the skills required for tomorr ow’s jobs, provide employees with fulfilling car eer development opportunities, and encour age internal promotion, as illustr ated by an internal promotion r ate of over 60% for supervisory and managerial positions. For this, the TP University pr ogram was o verhauled in 2023. TP University is an in-house university gear ed towards high-potential managers seeking to become futur e senior leaders within the Gr oup. It is still the main initiative for de veloping the leaders of tomorr ow. The pr ogram lasts one year and featur es partnerships with pr estigious universities including NO VA University Lisbon (Portugal) and INALDE Business Schoolin Bogotá, Colombia. The course combines academic content and immersion in the Gr oup’s centers for e xcellence. 30 emplo yees tookpart in the 2023 pr ogram, comprising 15 women and 15 men worldwide. Every year , TP engages its employees through art, dance and music competitions to showcase their talent and diversity . In 2023, videos of the 2,438 participating emplo yees generated mor e than 770 million views on social media. The Let it Happen group posted a chor eography on social networks to encour age employees to participate in the dance competition. The Group’s philanthropic program seeks to generate a positively impact local communities, particularly to help vulner able children and their families meet their basic needs. T eleperformance aims to reduce the envir onmental impact of its oper ational activities and raise its ecosystem ’ awareness about behaviors and initiatives that help protect the environment. CORPORATE CULTURE BASED ON STRONG VALUES Teleperformance’s corporate culture aims to engage emplo yees on a daily basis, whether they work on site or fr om home. This approach helps T eleperformance to attr act the best talent and have the best possible impact o n the r egions wher e it oper ates. For many years, the Gr oup has de veloped iconic programs to r ally its teams and encour age employee involvement in community projects. ———— TP University has served as the platform for unlocking our potential, enabling us to uncover the strengths and strategies of the Company on a global scale. It has broadened our perspective beyond the local context, equipping us with the tools to contribute to the Company’s development through effective processes, advanced technology, and strategic business initiatives. JULIÁN GIRALDO PÉREZ Regional Recruitment Manager, Teleperformance in Colombia To go further: TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 28 — 29

EMPLOYEE TESTIMONIALS Teleperformance is a people-focused company whose business model is b ased on i ts employees’ daily interactions with consumers and citizens. Each interaction matters. Each person counts. Impactful work Career development Work environment Diversity, equity and inclusion ———— What I like most about my work as a planning analyst is being able to combine my enthusiasm for data and technologies with my desire to optimize oper ational processes. I love solving complex puzzles. It’s gratifying to see how our efforts can have a significant impact on quality of service and customer satisfaction. AYMEN BEN HASSEN WFM Planning Analyst, TP Tunisia ———— I started at Teleperformance in the UK as a Team Leader in October 2015 as a “ stop-gap”. However, I quickly fell in love with the Company and stayed. I progressed to Call Center Manager in 2021. It is incredible to see the changes it (the Company) has made at its cor e delivering success for all. CALLUM MCKERRELL Center Manager, TP United Kingdom ———— I joined TP Tunisia in 2003 as a customer advisor . And the adventure continues. I’m currently the Director of Certification, Quality and CSR for the Fr ench-speaking markets. What I like most about my job is the contact with the teams, constructive dialogue and continuous learning. I learn something new every day. WAFA SIFI, Director of Certification, Quality and CSR, French-speaking markets ———— I’m extremely grateful for having attended TP University surr ounded by such a diverse and supportive learning community. The dedication and e xpertise of the instructors combined with the engaged participation of my peers made this pr ogram truly transformative. I am confident that the skills and kno wledge I gained will significantly impact my futur e success and that of T eleperformance. DEVINDER SINGH Vice President Customer Experience, TP U.S. ———— I like TP’s policy of openness: the Company listens to, respects and values our ideas. TP also offers a lot of training and mentoring programs that enable you to move forwar d. MARIA JEUNESSA KORINNA AGUSTIN Customer advisor, TP Philippines — — — — I’m a mother, a wife and a valued member of the TP family and I’ m proud to say that I am part of a business that values equality and women empowerment. LYNDSAY DONNELLY Center Manager, TP United Kingdom ———— 16 years ago, I started with T eleperformance as an agent. To say I am pr oud to work for TP is an understatement. It ’s a company that puts people first, supports them to ensure they are the best version of themselves and offers them gr eat opportunities to progress up the ladder. JO BEST Executive Assistant, TP United Kingdom ———— I am so glad to be part of #ChampionsofTP initiative. I feel truly blessed to have a chance to work with this amazing or ganization and support them. The sign language experts here enable me to communicate with everyone seamlessly and make it easy for me to work. ADITYA ROY Advisor, TP India TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 30 — 31

Focus on TP WOMEN The TP Women initiative launched in 2019 and is committed to supporting equal opportunities and participation at all le vels and in all aspects via multiple programs, including: ‣Mentoship to help high-potential female employees to reach senior positions within the Company , combined with meetings with inspir ational women sharing their career paths and advice; ‣A review of recruitment and training procedures for management positions ‣Scoreboards to track changes per region and per department ‣A network connecting women and men to pr omote gender equality ‣Training and awareness of unconscious bias and equality issues In 2023, T eleperformance organized the W orldwide Outstanding Women (WOW) Awards to recognize inspiring female employees who spark change in their communities. Following peer nomination and a jury vote, Riza Mae Ber digay (Philippines), Magda Chumpitaz (Peru) and Maria Fernanda Or doñez (Argentina) were r ecognized for their contribution to the Company , its clients, their positive impact on communities and their leadership. PROJECT CHARLIE Project Charlie was launched in 2021 following a r equest from a Portuguese employee who identified himself as non-binary and pr eferred to use a name of his choice rather than his legal name. Teleperformance launched the project to enable each emplo yee to use the name of their choice within the Company . The chosen name is sho wn on all Group tools, the employee’s badge, etc. To date, approximately 1,600 employees have changed to a preferred name within TP Portugal. The pr oject has since successfully rolled out in se veral countries in 2023, including the United States. DIVERSITY AND INCL USION The fact that Teleperformance is now the best-performing company in its sector is due, in part, to the div ersity that is deeply enshrined in its corporate identity. Teleperformance continually strives to promote diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace and to identify and break down any barriers that prevent its employees from feeling fully integrated and engaged. Respect, solidarity, and equity are essential to creating an environment where everyone can express themselves freely, be authen tic, and fulfill their true potential. PROMOTING DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION THROUGH THE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE Sponsors on the Executive Committee The sponsors support and represent the interests of each priority ar ea, while ensuring that strategic initiatives are aligned with the Group’s transformation in terms of DE&I. DE&I Committee Composed of various opinion leaders, the committee defines the Gr oup’s DE&I str ategy and oversees the achie vement of objectives and compliance whith introduced measur es. DE&I Department This department manages the DE&I approach and or ganizes initiatives with Group subsidiaries and departments. Emplo yee Resource Groups (ERGs) Driven b y emplo yees sharing the same char acteristics, experiences or affinities, these gr oups seek to disseminate best pr actices in each of the DE&I priority areas. The y were created to understand employees’ needs and challenges and thus obtain the best r esults on behalf of emplo yees. TP’s global approach to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) >100 nationalities 46% generation Z 54% women 5 PRIORITY AREAS Achieve gender equality in management r oles in all business units and countries. Ensure the inclusion of persons with disabilities, appr opriate arrangements and awareness-raising among employees. Promote a workplace that respects all sexual orientations through equal rights, benefits and opportunities. Increase ethnic and cultur al diversity within teams and management positions. Consider the local diversity challenges specific to each entity . 4 DRIVERS Leadership Management should r eflect the diversity within the Gr oup and pr omote TP’s proactive policy in this ar ea. Systems Implement policies, procedures and monitoring indicators to pr omote diversity and ensur e progress. Culture Disseminate the DE&I policy throughout the Gr oup via training modules, awar eness campaigns, and dedicated workshops. Reputation Incorpor ate best practices in DE&I to drive continuous impro vement and establish partnerships with stakeholders to pr omote diversity throughout the ecosystem. To go further: TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 32 — 33

Inclusive recruitment based on an extensive network of specialized partners Best-in-class working conditions and living wages Training and career development for all Local socio-economic impact multiplied by 4* Incentives and opportunities for scaling the Impact Sourcing Sector, Avasant and The Rockefeller Foundation.* AGE INCLUSION SOCIALLY DISADVANTAGED CULTURAL AN D LIN GUISTIC DIVERSITY ECONOMICALLY DISADVANTAGED GENDER INCLUSION PHYSICALLY DISADVAN TAGED PERSONS W ITH LONG-TERM YOUNG PEOPLE W ITHOUT POVERTY LIVING IN REFUGEES PERSONS DISABILITIES UNEMPLOYED DIPLOM AS 5 areas TP , DRIVER OF INCLUSION AND SOCIAL MOBILITY Integrating the world of work is the most sustainable means of achieving inclusive economic growth and r educing poverty. Teleperformance strives to develop a truly inclusive workplace for peopl e fr om all b ackgrounds, positively impactingits ecosystem. Teleperformance is above all a gateway to emplo yment for young people: in 2023, 96,500 pe ople were hired for their very first pr ofessional experience. In some countries where the Group operates, such as South Africa, Costa Rica and Guyana, the youth unemplo yment rate is particularly high. Teleperformance has developed targeted initiatives to facilitate the r ecruitment and integration of young people, who r epresent between 60% and 66% of the workfor ce in these thr ee countries. The Group also actively recruits and hires women, particularly in countries where the proportion of women in the workfor ce is among the lowest (source: ILO, 2021 data). In India, while only 19% of women ar e part of the workforce, Teleperformance employs 39% women, thanks to nearly a decade of initiatives under the GenderSmart pr ogram. ———— Four years ago, I left Venezuela because of the social, economic, and political crisis into which my country had plunged. Over 20 years of life had to be packed into a 10 kg backpack. My integration was much easier because I found a company like Teleperformance which has supported me from the outset and does all the follo w-up. My teammates have helped me a lot to adapt to life her e. Today, I have a life in Colombia, thanks to TP . FRANKYN CHACON Engagement Leader, Teleperformance in Colombia Impact Sourcing approach structured ar ound 5 priority categories ———— Every step is a challenge for me, as I have an orthopedic disability . The challenge for me is that the infrastructure isn’t designed for people like me to move around freely. When they say that Teleperformance promotes equal opportunities, the Company is keeping its promises. The Company understands the needs of each individual and provides support for these needs. That’s why I’ve been here almost six and a half years and I hope to stay on for a long time. BOBBY BAGGA Planning Analyst, Teleperformance India Impactful initiatives REFUGEE INCLUSION Teleperformance has been working with the TENT Partnership for Refugees NGO for se veral years to recruit refugees in differ ent countries, including Colombia, where the Gr oup employs nearly 2,000 V enezuelan refugees. The Company has also committed to hiring 500 r efugees within its Eur opean oper ations by 2025. In Egypt, Teleperformance employs dozens ofr efugees fleeing conflicts in Syria, Iraq and se veral African countries. INCLUSION OF PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES In 2023, Teleperformance hired 6.500 persons with disabilities. Numer ous initiatives ar e underway to pr omote theirrecruitment, integration and de velopment within the or ganization. In India, for e xample, a dedicated pr ogram called SAMARTH le verages partnerships with NGOs and an e xpert in-house teamto pr omote the integration of persons with disabilities and help br eak down the stigma e xisting in society and the world of work. Appr oximately 150 people have joined T eleperformance through this initiative. To go further: A documentary was produced with Bobby and Fr ankyn, whose unique testimonials draw attention to their achievements, the challenges they have confr onted and the hopes they entertain for the futur e. Through its Impact Sourcing program (inclusive hiring), the Group has, for over a decade, guaranteed access to formal emplo yment for “impact workers” people who are r egularly excluded from the workforce. At least 20% of the Company ’s workforce comprises impact workers, including many unqualified young people. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 34 — 35

WE ARE ALL C OMMITTED! Teleperformance positively impacts the lives of thousands of people w orldwide thanks to the numerous initiatives undertaken by empl oyees who are increasingly committed to changing the li ves o f local communities and preserving the planet. GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP WITH UNICEF Teleperformance continues to support UNICEF thr ough its global partnership. This partnership supports the following programs: — Education progr ams in the Group’s two main operating countries, India and the Philippines, where the C OVID-19 pandemic heavily impacted the education system. — UNICEF’s emer gency fund for disaster victims — this year, focused on Ukr aine, Turke y, Syria and Sudan. Our worldwideinitiatives United states Teleperformance in the U.S. distributed school supplies worth over €100,000 to support educational needs and help improve educational resources for disadvantaged students. Brazil Under the TPforHer initiative, the Company organizes collections of menstrual hygiene products for women in vulner able situations. Colombia Teleperformance in Colombia supported the Recupera T u Silla foundation by distributing around 2,000 school supplies. This initiative, which converts plastic waste into school desks, combines support for the cir cular economy with a social impact. India Teleperformance in India supported initiatives to reduce illiteracy and provide professional training in collaboration with the Literacy India Gurgaon NGO. Building on this approach, Teleperformance has developed two mentoring and professional integration support programs for students and young graduates from disadvantaged backgrounds seeking employment. Tunisia Teleperformance uses the Climate Fr esk scheme to r aise employee awareness of climate change issues. Employees at the Kram Center interacted participated in educational sessions about climate change, its causes, and its potential impact on the planet, ecosystems and human societies. These sessions are meant to encourage individual and collective action to promote sustainability . Indonesia Employees actively participated in World Cleanup Day by collecting waste in the Yogyakarta region. Philippines For the last 15 years, Teleperformance has supported “Teleperformance Gawad Kalinga ”, a village helped build following Typhoon Ketsana in 2009, now home to several hundred families. In 2023, employees participated in cr eating a 10-hectar e farm intended to provide the local community with a sustainable food sour ce. Turkey and Syria In response to the earthquake that struck Turkey and Syria, Teleperformanceby donated financial and material resources to the communities affected. The Company also founded an IT laboratory in Turkey’s earthquake zone, benefiting around 800 students. E gypt Employees donated time and mone y to support 150 hospitalized children who have cancer . France Employees at Teleperformance in Francetook part in the Téléthon Challenge via the United Her oes smartphone app, which awards points for any physical activity which are then converted into donations to the French Muscular Dystrophy Association (AFM-Téléthon). United Kingdom Teleperformance in the UK played an active role in offering pr ofessional support to 60 students, helping them draft their r ésumés, and providing pr ofessional coaching for job sear ches and the tools and skills required to successfully enter the labor market successfully . Portugal TP Portugal supported the NGO Entr ajuda by volunteering 1,000 hours to support education and anti- po verty projects. Greece During Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Teleperformance in Gr eece organized the Pink October campaign, including a fr ee br east cancer screening program for the thir d year. €7.6 million indonations collected (cash, in kind and volunteer work) 42,000 volunteer hours served TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 36 — 37

OUR FUNDAMENTALS: Strong GOVERNANCE AND PERFORMANCE Teleperformance recognizes the importance of good corporate governance, which is critical in ensuring organizational efficiency and fair treatment with regard to all stakeholders. The Group is also committed to creating and sharing solid performance results with its stakeholders. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 38 — 39

ETHICS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Teleperformance is committed to complying with the most stringent standards, particularly the UN Gl obal Compact, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, ILO c onventions and OE CD guidelines. The Group’s business ethics commitments are also based on its five values: Integrity , Respect, Professionalism, Innovation and Commitment. These values underpin the Gr oup strategy and r eflect T eleperformance’s firm commitment to fair business pr actices. The Teleperformance Code of Conduct and all of its policies define the rules, attitudes, actions and behavior expected and adopted b y the Group, its dir ectors and employees vis-à-vis all stakeholders. Teleperformance also ensures its subcontractors and suppliers ar e committed to an ethical, sustainable and r esponsible appr oach per its Supplier Code of Conduct. The Global Ethics Hotline provides a channel for employees to report acts that fail to comply with Group policies (acts of corruption, anti-competitive practices, violation of human rights, envir onmental damage, health and safety br eaches, fr aud, etc.). The Global Ethics hotline is deplo yed in all the Group’s countries. Corpor ate governance ensures compliance with the Gr oup’s values and policies at all levels, mainly through general management, Global Compliance and the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Boar d of Directors. HOW HAS THE ROLE OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE CHANGED AND WHA T ARE ITS FUTURE CHALLENGES AND C ONCERNS, IN Y OUR OPINION? C. T . : I joined the Audit Committee two years ago, and became Chairman last year . Over the past two years, the challenges facing the committee have incr eased considerably, with the implementation of the CSRD (Corpor ate Sustainability Reporting Directive) on one side, and the e volution of the global environment on the other: geopolitical conte xt, financial environment with the e volution of r ates, challenges linked to AI, cybersecurity, and so on. As a r esult, the committee’s scope is expanding and becoming mor e complex. So, committee members need to br oaden their expertise. They need tr aining and accultur ation on these topics to ensure we don ’t miss out on key issues. HOW DOES THE AUDIT COMMITTEE INTEGRATE NON-FINANCIAL AND CSR ISSUES, P ARTICULARLY REGARDING THE CSRD? C. T . : The committee r egularly r eviews e xtra-financial issues with the CSR department and the statutory auditors. During 2023, we r eceived se veral presentations on CSRD and its implications. The double materiality analysis work carried out b y the Gr oup has also been pr esented. The aim for 2024 is to work hand in hand with the CSR Committee to implement these ne w regulations. In addition, the Audit Committee plays a crucial r ole in updating risk analysis, pr ocesses and contr ol mechanisms, and in r eviewing r eporting and auditor due diligence. WHA T IS THE ROLE OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE IN IDENTIFYING AND MANA GING GROUP RISKS? C. T . : The Audit Committee ensures that the Group’s risk management process is in place and regularly updated. To this end, committee members exchange information with those in charge of risk management and monitoring: internal audit, compliance, finance, etc. We then r eview the method used to identify and monitor risks, which helps to enrich the process. The committee also r eviews the description of risks in the light of the year’s major e vents, both internal and e xternal to the organization. Gener ative artificial intelligence (AI), for e xample, is one of the topics of interest to the committee. W e tr ain and inform ourselves on these subjects since the y can potentially gener ate risks for the company. W e need to be able to ask the right questions and question senior management. The work of the board The Board of Directors meets at least once per quarter to discuss de velopments in the Company . The Board’s mission is to set the Group’s strategic guidelines and oversee their implementation in accor dance with the company ’s interests, considering the social and envir onmental challenges inher ent to its business. In 2023, the Boar d focused its attention on a number of priorities: ‣The Company’s transformation and gr owth str ategy ‣Majorel acquisition ‣Corporate governance ‣Management of human capital ‣Management of controversies Behind the scenes of the Board 3 questions for CAROLE TONIUTTI, Chair of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee The CSR Committee focuses mor e on CSR policies, strategy , and implementation. W e alr eady had a first joint meeting with the CSR Committee to r eview the 2023 reporting and clarify the r oles of each committee implementing of the CSRD . This meeting was follo wed by the Climate Fr esk workshop, raising our awareness of climate change issues. W e will continue to addr ess these issues at every committee meeting, making e xtra-financial topics a common thr ead running thr ough our meetings throughout the year . 40 — 41 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023

EXPERIENCED AND DIVERSIFIED GOVERNANCE Management committee The Management Committee currently comprises all members of the Executive Committee plus the key Group operational and functional managers. Daniel Julien and Bhupender Singh act as co-Chief Executive Officers, jointly making strategic decisions while sharing operational responsibilities. Starting January 1, 2026, roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer will be separated, and Bhupender Singh will be appointed as sole Chief Executive Officer. The board is assisted by three specialized committees AUDIT, RISK AND COMPLIANCE C OMMITTEE Carole Toniutti (Chairwoman), Alain Boulet, Pauline Ginestié 4 meetings 67% independent directors 100% attendance rate REMUNERATION AND APPOINTMENTS COMMITTEE Christobel Selecky (Chairwoman), Véronique de Jocas, Kevin Niu, Patrick Thomas 5 meetings 100% independent directors* 90% attendance rate CSR COMMITTEE Angela Maria Sierra-Moreno (Chairwoman), Shelly Gupta, Evangelos Papadopoulos 3 meetings 100% independent directors* 100% attendance rate Board of Directors profile 10 members of the executive committee Daniel Julien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bhupender Singh Deputy Chief Executive Officer Olivier Rigaudy Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer João Cardoso Chief Innovation and Digital Officer Luciana Cemerka Chief Marketing Officer Miranda Collard Chief Client Officer Eric Dupuy Chief Business Development Officer Agustin Grisanti Chief Operating Officer of Cor e Services Scott Klein Chief Operating Officer of Specialized Services Teri O’Brien Chief Legal and Compliance Officer 45 group key managers Human capital, research and development, data security, technology, operations, transformation, business development, finance, CSR, legal, marketing, specialized services. 16 members 11 meetings 71% independent* 43% women* 60 average age 9 nationalities 14 nationalities50 years old on average38% women 11 years average length of service in Group * Directors representing employees are not included in the calculation of the independence and parity percentages. (1) Mandate e xpires in 2024. (2) Co-option as dir ector on Mar ch 6, 2024 to r eplace Mrs. Abr era. (3) Co-option as dir ector on Mar ch 6, 2024 to r eplace Mr . Canetti. + Chairman Lead independent director Directors representing the emplo yees Daniel Julien (1) Chairman and CEO Patrick Thomas Véronique de Jocas Evangelos Papadopoulos Varun Bery Alain Boulet (1) Brigitte Daubry (1)(2) Moulay Hafid Elalamy (1)(3) Jean Guez Pauline Ginestié Shelly Gupta Kevin Niu Christobel Selecky Angela Maria Sierra-Moreno Bhupender Singh Deputy Chief Executive Officer Carole Toniutti Non-independent Independent Directors’ skills and expertise An experienced and diversified Board of Directors to set the Group’s strategic guidelines. A_Finance Expertise or experience of finance, audit processes, risk management and insurance, mergers and acquisitions, and the banking sector. B_Communication, marketing and sales Expertise or e xperience in communication, marketing and sales. C_Management e xperience in international companies or entr epreneurship Experience in general management with an international footprint and setting up new businesses. D_International e xperience Experience acquired working for international groups. E_Human capital and CSR Expertise or e xperience in social and environmental responsibility and human resources. F_Kno wledge of the teleperformance business sector Experience in the client relations sector and knowledge of the gr oup’s operations. G_Digital – technologies Expertise and kno wledge in terms of ne w technologies and digital inno vation. H_Kno wledge of key clients and sectors Expertise or experience in teleperformance clients’ business sectors (healthcar e, banking, telecommunications, etc.). I_Political institutions Expertise and/or experience in political administr ation A A 1212 B B 66 E E 77 C C 1212H H 1010 II 11 F F 1010 G G 66 D D 1616 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 42 — 43

FIXED PART Fixed part takes into account the position, level of responsibility, experience, recognized technical skills and leadership of the person concerned. LONG-TERM REMUNERATION (PERFORMANCE SHARES) * Performance criteria measured over three financial years. VARIABLE PART* INDEXED TO PERFORMANCE ON KEY GROUP ISSUES In-kind benefits (company car and health insurance) THE ANNUAL GLOBAL REMUNERATION PACKAGE IS EQUALLY COMPOSED OF FIXED AND VARIABLE PARTS. 50% 50% 80% 20% 15% Employees engagement 5% Attrition 40% EBITA margin 40% Organic revenue growth Financial criteria Extra financial criteria CSR GOVERNANCE A dedicated governance system was set up to ensure the Group’s CSR commitments are fully integrated. EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION Teleperformance’s Executive Officer Remuneration Policy complies with the most string ent g overnance standar ds. Clear and transparent, it is aligned wi th Group’s strategy and shar eholder in terests. It is based on both financial and non-financial criteria and short-t erm and l ong-t erm objecti ves. Global remuneration of executive officers in 2023 CSR EXPERTISE WITHIN THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The independent chair of the CSR Committee, a former human resour ces director of a large group in Colombia, has extensive e xpertise in social affairs, which ar e among the most important issues for T eleperformance. One of the two emplo yee r epresentative dir ectors also joined the Committee in 2023, bringing the benefits of their operational e xpertise (particularly in content moder ation) and membership of the Eur opean W orks Council. All Boar d members r eceive a pr esentation of the CSR roadmap and r esults at least once a year at the annual Board seminar . They are also regularly informed about environmental issues. All members from the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and the CSR Committee were tr ained in the Climate Fr esk and CSRD. Validation CSR COMMITTEE This Boar d Committee verifies the integr ation of the Gr oup’s social and envir onmental commitments, re views regulatory publications and assesses the non-financial risks and their impact alongside the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. Impulsion and vision EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Embodies and disseminates Gr oup values and commitments. Appr oves CSR str ategy. Implementation CSR DEPARTMENT Coordinates Gr oup CSR str ategy and initiatives to achie ve set tar gets, harmonize pr actices and perform r egular monitoring; coor dinates the implementation of CSR str ategy with subsidiaries and business line teams. LEADERSHIP AND COORDINA TION CSR Ambassador Network Oversees CSR pr ogram implementation and local compliance with Gr oup policies, escalating the required information. CSR Pr oject Teams Implement cross -functional action plans involving se veral business lines. COLLABORATION Human Resources Engagement and wellbeing at work; Human rights; Diversity and inclusion. Ethics and compliance Policy r eview and implementation. Risks Non-financial risk mapping and monitoring. IT Green IT; Digital pollution. Pr ocurement Responsible procurement. Finance Green financing; Gr een investments and taxonomy. Sales Teams Client partnerships. For 2023 For 2024 * No additional or exceptional remuneration in case of outperformance. The Board increased the weighting of CSR criteria, particularly the social aspects, in the annual variable portion using the employee trust index and a criterion r elating to the attrition rate. Non-financial criteria wer e also upgr aded in the long-term remuner ation structure (performance shar es awar ded to 600 Group ke y managers) via the introduction of a gr eenhouse gas emission reduction criterion aligned with the tr ajectory appr oved b y the Science- Based T argets initiative plus an internal promotion performance metric. The Board has decided to maintain the weighting of CSR criteria in the annual variable component. The Boar d has r etained the criterion of emplo yee commitment, which is central to the Gr oup’s value creation model. Cybersecurity, Teleperformance’s other key challenge, is the second e xtra-financial criterion to be added to variable compensation. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions, in line with commitments made to the Science-Based T argets initiative, and internal promotion r emain part of long- term r emuneration for the 2024-2026 plan. TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 44 — 45

0.80 0.92 1.20 1.30 1.85 1.90 2.40 2.40 3.30 3.85 3,85 * 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 36% 43% 35% 36% 38% * Subject to shareholder's approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 23, 2024. 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 * Excluding two months of activity of Majorel. 325 376 492 558 720 762 1,138 1,128 1,478 1,750 1,775 13.4% 13.6% 14.5% 15.3% 17.2% 17.2% 21.2% 19.7% 20.7% 21.5% 21.6%* 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 * Excluding two months of activity of Majorel. 325 376 492 558 720 762 1,138 1,128 1,478 1,750 1,775 13.4% 13.6% 14.5% 15.3% 17.2% 17.2% 21.2% 19.7% 20.7% 21.5% 21.6%* 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Current EBITDA/revenue Current EBITDA 0.80 0.92 1.20 1.30 1.85 1.90 2.40 2.40 3.30 3.85 3,85 * 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 35% 36% 43% 35% 36% 38% * Subject to shareholder's approval at the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 23, 2024. 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Pay-out ratio Dividend per share INTEGRATED AND SUSTAINABLE PERFORMANCE PROFITABLE GROWTH Solid financial performance indicators INTEGRATED PERFORMANCE DASHBOARD Material topics Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023 Progress Target SOCIAL Working conditions Employees working at a subsidiary certified as a best emplo yer 98% 97% 99% Maintain more than 90% Trust Index score from GPTW® survey 79% 79% 79% More than 70% (threshold to be GPTW certified is 65%) Absenteeism rate 3.90% 4.20% 4.20% <5% Social dialog Employees covered by a global agreement - - 100% Favor social dialog at all levels Health and safety Employees trained on Health & Safety policy 95% 94% 94% >90% Diversity, equality and inclusion Percentage of women in total headcounts 53.7% 54.0% 53.7% Maintain gender balance, >45% Percentage of women in managing position 46.9% 47.8% 51.9% Maintain gender balance, >45% Percentage of women in Management Committee 30% 30% 38% >35% by 2023 Employees trained on Diversity & Inclusion policy - 91% 90% >90% Career development Training hours per employee 173 166 156 Provide continuous training opportunities to all emplo yees Internal promotion rate 71% 63% 61% Favor high internal promotion for supervisor and management positions (> 60%) Human Rights and fundamental freedoms in the value chain Vendor due diligence process deployment 50% 100% 100% Evaluate all at-risk vendors Working conditions and Health & safety in the value chain Impact on employment and local communities First job opportunities 124,300 125,100 96,500 Be a driver of youth employment Donations raised by Citizen of the World (€m) 6.3 11 7.6 More than €7m annually Data protection and data security Employees trained on Privacy and Data security 97% 96% 96% >90% Percentage of eligible sites which ar e ISO 27701 certified 100% 100% 100% 100% GOVERNANCE Ethics and anti-corruption Employees trained on Code of Conduct 97% 95% 95% >90% Corporate Governance Footprint where Global Ethics hotline has been r olled out 100% 100% 100% Ethics hotline available in all countries of oper ation ENVIRONMENT Climate change Reduction of Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions per FTE vs. 2019 baseline (tons C O2e) -44% -49% -51% -49% per FTE from 2019 to 2026 Shar e of Renewable energy out of total electricity consumption 20.7% 27.8% 34.7% 30% by 2026 Responsible sourcing Share of strategic suppliers (top 100) with SBTi envir onmental targets 14% 21% 21% Promote environmental initiatives in the value chain Waste management Number of computers and phones recycled or valued through take-back programs 13,400 26,992 46,817 Standardize and strenghten e-waste management Ahead of target On target More action needed DIVIDEND PER SHARE (€) 2,433 2,758 3,398 3,649 4,180 4,441 5,355 5,732 7,115 8,154 8,345 + 7.9% + 9.9% + 7.5% + 7.4% + 9.0% + 9.0% + 10.6% + 11.6% 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 +16.5% +5.1%*+12.5% * Excluding adjustments for hyperinflation. 2,433 2,758 3,398 3,649 4,180 4,441 5,355 5,732 7,115 8,154 8,345 + 7.9% + 9.9% + 7.5% + 7.4% + 9.0% + 9.0% + 10.6% + 11.6% 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 +16.5% +5.1%*+12.5% * Excluding adjustments for hyperinflation. Like-for-like growth Revenue Like-for-like growth excluding Covid contracts REVENUE (€M) CURRENT EBITDA (€M) 64 93 202 236 324 281 321 487 661 703 812 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 NET FREE CASH FLOW (€M) TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 46 — 47

A RECOGNIZED MODEL Teleperformance has received numerous awards for market leadership and world-class services in the industry, as w ell as for HR development strategy, data security and innovation capacity, and c ommitment to social and environmental responsibility. Teleperformance has been recognized as a global leader in the customer e xperience management (CXM) sector andin the Americas, Europe, Middle East Africa, and Asia-Pacific r egions b y the Everest Gr oup research institute. MSCI assigns an A r ating to Teleperformance, a scor e above the sector aver age. Included in Moody’s Euronext Vigeo Eurozone 120 Inde x since December 2015 and the Eur onext CA C 40 ESG Index since September 2022. VEREGO SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ST ANDARD Enterprise-wide Social Responsibility Standard (SRS) certification was obtained for the 10th consecutive time in five areas covering all facilities . EcoVadis renewed its gold medal award for Teleperformance in France and silver medal for Teleperformance in Portugal. Teleperformance ranks among the top 100 outsour ced services companies and in the Impact Sour cing Champions rankings dr awn up b y the IA OP® (International Association of Outsour cing Professionals®). Teleperformance was recognized by Frost & Sullivan as Company of the Y ear for its ex cellent employee engagement. ISS ESG has awar ded T eleperformance a “Prime ” rating, recognizing the best-performing companies. B RA TING TP rates above the sector average The CDP is a non-pr ofit or ganization that assesses performance r egarding sustainable development and measures to increase transparency regarding environmental data. Recognized as the 5th World’s Best Workplace b y Fortune and Great Place to W ork®. 72 countries have obtained Gr eat Place to Work® certification in 2023. Teleperformance is included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Enlarged, S&P Global 1200 ESG, S&P Eur ope 350 ESG, S&P Eur o ESG+ High Yield Dividend Aristocr ats and S&P Fr ance 40 Paris-Aligned T ransition ESG indices. Since June 2018, T eleperformance has been included in the international FTSE4Good inde x, which identifies socially r esponsible companies that comply with environmental, social and governance criteria. In France, Tunisia, Madagascar and Morocco, Teleperformance has obtained the Engagé RSE label, achie ving the highest possible le vel (Ex emplary). Based on ISO 26000 guidelines and issued b y AFNOR, this label r eflects T eleperformance’s le vel of CSR maturity and commitment to stakeholders r egarding environmental, social and governance issues. Many internal and external stakeholders were involved in the certification pr ocess. In particular , they pr aised the robustness of the Group’s CSR policy , the incorpor ation of ESG considerations into str ategy, exemplary HR pr actices, diversity within the Company, the strong involvement of local economic and social stakeholders, the commitment to measuring the envir onmental impact of each pr oject, and the e xcellent economic performances achieved despite the crisis. Bur eau V eritas has certified the application and inclusion of international standard ISO 26000 in social responsibility for the Group ’s operations in Colombia, Greece, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Portugal, and the United States, co vering all countries wher e the Gr oup runs major content moderation oper ations. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION This document is Teleperformance’s fifth Integrated Report setting out the Gr oup’s long-term value creation model. This report was prepared by the Teleperformance CSR Department with the support of ke y departments and e xecutive management. It was presented and approvedby the Board of Directors on March 6, 2024. It is based on ongoing dialog between Group stakeholders, including employees, clients, partners, shareholders and local communities. PwC has verified the information as an independent thir d-party body. The report by one of the statutory auditors on the consolidated declaration of non -financial performance included in the management report may be found in section 3.9 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document. The Gr oup is committed to incorporating best pr actices by pr ogressively adopting the major r eporting guidelines on sustainability . The information contained in this report covers the 2023 financial year fr om January 1 to December 31, 2023, unless specified otherwise. The GRI and SASB detailed r eporting pr otocol and content inde xes, which provide an overview of the important sustainability information in the Teleperformance Integr ated Report and other public documentation, may be found in section 3.8 of the 2023 Universal Registr ation Document. INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 future. Adapt tomaster the 15_PD_TELE23T000_TELEPERFORMANCE_RI2023_GB_210x297_V1.indd 115_PD_TELE23T000_TELEPERFORMANCE_RI2023_GB_210x297_V1.indd 1 19/03/2024 12:5319/03/2024 12:53 future. Adapt to master the UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2023 Including the annual financial report 02_CJ_TELE23T001_MAQUETTE_COUV_GB.indd 102_CJ_TELE23T001_MAQUETTE_COUV_GB.indd 1 19/03/2024 12:5619/03/2024 12:56 Teleperformance publications The Teleperformance Communication on Progress covering the Group’s implementation of the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact and support for the Sustainable Development Goals may be found in the online portal of the United Nations Global Compact. 2023 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT Including the financial report and declar ation of non-financial performance. 2023 INTEGRATED REPORT Pr esenting Teleperformance’s global value creation for all stakeholders. GRI MATERIALITY-Reporting, an ESG reporting consultancy agency specializing in GRI standards, assessed the compliance of the GRI content inde x and all the≈references set out in the sustainability reporting statement (2023 URD). The content is in line with the r eporting principles and r equirements of the 2021 GRI standar ds. SASB Teleperformance supports the SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standar ds Board) standard specific to its sector, Commercial Services TCFD Teleperformance applies the r ecommendations of the T ask For ce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in the ar ea of environmental reporting, as included in section 3.6 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document. This document is printed on paper sourced from sustainably managed forests. Photo’ cre dits : Teleperformance, Thomas Laisné, Adobe Stock/ZETHA_W ORK Design and pr oduction: TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 48 — 49

Teleperformance SE European Company with a shar e capital of €158,607,635 RCS number 301 292 702 Paris 21–25 rue Balzac – 75008 Paris – Fr ance Tel. : +33 (0) 1 53 83 59 00 /T eleperformanceGlobal @Teleperformance /teleperformance teleperformance.com/en-us /company/teleperformance @teleperformance_group