Simpler. Faster. Safer. 2022 Integrated report

Daniel Julien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The year just ended was marked by two major challenges, both of which were successfully handled by the Group: first, achieving our annual growth targets against an uncertain post-Covid economic and geopolitical backdrop marked by the war in Ukraine, worldwide cost inflation, the closure of China and the slowdown in the technological sector, and second, regaining investor confidence undermined by the repeated unfounded press allegations regarding our ESG practices during the second half. 2022 was a year of success and robust growth. Revenue was up nearly 15% to well over €8 billion in 2022. This strong performance reflects the attractiveness and resilience of our business model. Our model is based on our positioning as a global preferred partner of multiple key digital economy players and large groups undergoing digital transformation in a wide variety of client sectors, as well as government agencies around the world. The Group’s growth is not only sustained but also responsible. With over 410,000 employees in 91 countries, half of whom are currently working from home, wellbeing at work and the continued development of ESG best practices are a top priority for Teleperformance. This commitment earned us a place this year among the World’s 25 Best Workplaces (ranked 11 th out of over 10,000 companies) in the list drawn up by Fortune magazine in partnership with Great Place to Work ®. I am proud to renew our commitment to the United Nations Global Compact, which we fully support through our activities and CSR policies. The allegations in the press and on social media regarding our ESG practices, which caused our stock market valuation to plummet on November 10 th, 2022 were therefore taken very seriously by the Group. We swiftly rolled out an action and communication plan designed to restore confidence among the entire financial community that included the positive findings from several external audits on content moderation activities and independent assurance on the use and inclusion of the ISO 26000 standard on social responsibility in our subsidiaries, a series of meetings held between Teleperformance and the Colombian government, and the signing of a global agreement with the UNI Global Union trade union federation. The action plan continued in January 2023 with the organization of open days for investors and analysts in several sites. This unprecedented large-scale “transparency” initiative allowed stakeholders to reach their own conclusions after having “seen and touched” what is actually happening in the field. Late January 2023, the proceedings were finally closed after the OECD National Contact Point recognized the implementation of the recommendations, highlighting the Group’s application of its duty of due diligence. Through our Citizen of the World and Citizen of the Planet initiatives, we have proudly formed two major partnerships, further strengthening our long-time commitments towards communities and the environment. Teleperformance has entered a partnership with UNICEF to support education programs and provide disaster relief, as well as with One Tree Planted to fund the planting of at least 500,000 trees as part of reforestation and biodiversity conservation campaigns. I want to highlight our teams’ extraordinary commitment, who provided close to 99,000 volunteer hours, notably to support the victims of the war in Ukraine. Teleperformance’s objective is to become an undisputed global leader in digital integrated business services. Ahead of our trajectory, we can confirm our 2025 financial targets, i.e. at least €10 billion in revenue excluding acquisitions and a 16% EBITA margin. I would like to thank all our stakeholders, employees, clients and shareholders for their support during a challenging 2022, from which we have emerged stronger. I also welcome the interest shown by new investors in the Group’s robust and sustainable growth model, which remains unchanged. The continued development of ESG best practices are a top priority for Teleperformance. » « Message from the Chairman 2 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 3 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Putting people at the heart of business transformation and customer experience. Simpler. Faster. Safer. CONTENTS INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 To take advantage of the interactivity, we advise you to download this integrated report and to open it with Acrobat Reader.

OUR COMMITMENTS Be a preferred employer Be a trusted partner Be a Force of Good Operating in 91 countries, Teleperformance is a multicultural group with the largest geographical footprint in its core business market. The Group has nearly 1,200 clients with whom it generates a revenue of 8,154 million euros. During 2022, Teleperformance shore up its global footprint by expanding its activities in three new countries (Belgium, Belize and Mauritius) as well as deploying a hybrid service model combining work-from-home and on-site solutions all over the world. The Group is committed to becoming an undisputed global leader in digital integrated business services solutions by 2025, with a revenue above €10 billion. This ambition is part of an integrated and sustainable growth, based on a long-term vision. Teleperformance in 2022 Teleperformance is a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services. It implements digital strategies to optimize and transform customer experience and business processes to make interactions “simpler, faster, safer” . With 45 years of experience, the Group provides its clients high value-added, omnichannel and tailored solutions, according to a three-dimensional approach aimed at developing the Group’s expertise in a broad portfolio of services, by client verticals and geographies. This distinctive “TP Cube” approach responds perfectly to the growing complexity of client demand all over the world. MISSION ACTIVITIES GLOBAL LEADERSHIP Teleperformance reduces friction between companies and their customers on the one hand, and between administrations and citizens on the other hand, through effective management of their daily interactions. Countries whereTeleperformance operates Countries Teleperformance serves Top 10 countries in number of headcounts where Teleperformance operates Services offering is based on strategic high-touch, high- tech levers combining state- of-the-art technologies and emotional intelligence: High Touch Putting people and empathy at the heart of the customer experience. Hire, train and retain the best talents. Develop a Great Place to Work ® ecosystem. High Tech Rely on best-in-class technology, automation, predictive models and the highest privacy and cybersecurity standards. KEY FEATURES 410,000+ employees 64 countries certified by Great Place to Work® covering more than 97% of employees ~50% work-from-home employees Activities in 91 countries 300+ languages 170 markets Nearly 1,200 clients 4 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 5 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Force of GoodOur Group

OUR RESPONSE TO TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION Technology and innovation In an increasingly digital world that remains socially connected, human relationships are more important than ever before. TP creates connections and delivers an enhanced customer experience (technology-assisted human interaction) to offer each person a personalized real-time response. Covid-19 has accelerated digitalization and created new opportunities, particularly in the digital, healthcare and remote learning sectors. High-touch, high-tech strategy The combination of the human dimension with technology makes TP a partner of choice, at a time when human relationships are more important than ever before in a world faced with the challenge of physical distancing while remaining socially connected. The use of cutting-edge technologies and big data analysis by advisors increasingly skilled and trained in emotional intelligence enables them to meet growing demand for omnichannel customer experience services. Data security TP provides a comprehensive data security framework in line with the most stringent international standards and has obtained ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 global certification for its Privacy Information Management System (PIMS). CLIMATE CHANGE TP has developed a roadmap to reduce its environmental impact, particularly by reducing its carbon footprint, while continuity plans have been prepared in case of natural disaster. TP’s response to climate change is set out below. SOCIETAL AND DEMOGRAPHIC CHANGES Extensive talent pool TP has access to an extensive talent pool thanks to its presence in 91 countries and global teleworking offer. It is a major employer, particularly among the youngest job-seekers (125,000 young people hired in 2022 for their very first professional experience). Effective staff hiring and retention strategies have been implemented to meet the challenge of labor shortages. Attractive working conditions TP was ranked among the 25 best employers in the world by Fortune and Great Place to Work ® on the basis of its initiatives for attracting talent and fostering staff loyalty (training, exemplary working conditions, engagement) and flexible working methods, especially TP Cloud Campus. Promotion of health and safety Occupational health and safety policies and continuity plans are robust and recognized, including during health crises. Specific health-related solutions TP has developed specific services for protecting health in the community, such as interpreting services for foreigners and the hearing impaired in hospitals. TP has strengthened its expertise in this sector through targeted acquisitions. Megatrends, risks and opportunities Global megatrends are becoming increasingly interconnected and major events such as the Covid-19 crisis and the war in Ukraine can either accelerate or slow down their effects. These major crises have global repercussions, and organizations are currently facing three main challenges: inflation, shortage of labor and supply constraints. The main risks and opportunities identified by the Group and the responses adopted by Teleperformance are set out below in accordance with their relation to the four megatrends. The Group’s financial and non-financial risk mapping is presented in the Teleperformance 2022 Universal Registration Document. DISRUPTION OF THE GLOBAL ORDER ECONOMIC CHANGE Strong international presence TP is the most multicultural company in its sector. Through its business, TP breaks down barriers and connects people in spite of isolationist trends. TP is expanding its services targeting new domestic markets, particularly in Asia and Africa. Growth and financial stability The Group’s growth is driven by a diversified client portfolio and the development of high valued-added specialized services. The Group continues to achieve a strong and sustainable financial performance that allows it to pay a living wage despite inflation and to share value created with all stakeholders. Access to financing is facilitated by S&P’s BBB credit rating. Global compliance framework The Legal and Compliance Department is represented in all regions and local practices are periodically assessed to ensure compliance with the most stringent international standards. Sources: World Economic Forum - IMF Global Risk Report 2022 - OECD Economic Outlook - IPCC 2022 Report MEGATRENDS RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES MEGATRENDS 6 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 7 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High TechOur Group

TP’s response to climate change The COP26 United Nations Climate Change Conference reaffirmed the aim of the Paris agreement and the urgent need to accelerate its implementation. Teleperformance kick-started its ecological transition and fight against climate change in 2008 by launching the Citizen of the Planet (COTP) program, which aims to promote responsible and environmentally friendly operations. CARBON FOOTPRINT (tCO2e per FTE)* 2022 CARBON FOOTPRINT ELECTRICITY CONSUMPTION (kwh per FTE)* Scope 1 (fuel and refrigerants) Scope 2 (electricity) Scope 3 (procurement, employee commuting & air travel) 2022 KPIS To achieve its objectives, the Group has developed initiatives across the whole operational cycle and involving its entire ecosystem (1) Evolution compared to 2019 baseline. * Full-time equivalent. The environmental impacts of Teleperformance’s business primarily result from electricity consumption (Scope 2), as well as the impacts of purchasing and employee commuting (Scope 3). Specific programs have also been set up to deal with digital pollution issues related in particular to the purchase, wuse and end of life of computer hardware. The Group promotes circular economy by prioritizing the purchase of greener equipment, repairing it and extending its useful life, and setting up take-back, recycling and compensation schemes with suppliers. Its business does not generate material direct emissions into the atmosphere, water or ground and does not create any particular noise disturbance for the local community. The Group’s business has no material direct impact on biodiversity, and there have been no environmental incidents. Nevertheless, it takes action regarding these issues by organizing campaigns for reforestation and cleaning up public spaces. These objectives are included in the criteria applicable to (i) long-term corporate officer remuneration schemes, (ii) the allotment of performance shares to close to 600 key Group managers and (iii) financing programs (EMTN SLB and credit facility). CARBON REDUCTION TARGETS Teleperformance has adopted greenhouse gas emission reduction targets approved by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and aligned with the objectives of the Paris agreement, namely to limit the average global temperature increase over pre-industrial levels to well below 2°C, and to continue efforts to limit global warming to 1.5°C. The Group has also joined the Climate Pledge, a coalition of over 200 companies committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2040. Objectives Initiatives Progress Comments Reduce Scopes 1 and 2 emissions by 49% per FTE* Energy efficiency, targeted action plans, increased proportion of renewable energies Through its initiatives, TP is ahead of the targets set for 2026. However, it does not rule out a rebound in emissions in 2023 and 2024 due to the growth of the group and the return of a larger proportion of the workforce to the office in a post-pandemic context. The workforce is expected to grow by +62% between 2019 and 2026. Increase renewable energy share of total energy consumption to at least 30% Green contracts, renewable energy certificates, installation of solar panels TP’s target on renewable energies is considered as ambitious because the group rents most of its operation sites, and regulations and access to the electricity market vary significantly from one country to another. Reduce Scope 3 emissions related to purchases and commuting by 38.3% per FTE* Environmental criteria in procurement Supplier commitment, particularly for IT equipment Roll-out of teleworking Awareness Employee shuttles After a sharp reduction in Scope 3 emissions in 2020 and 2021, the group experienced a rebound in 2022 as a result of the development of its business and the return of some of its employees to brick- and-mortar sites, which resulted in more emissions related to commuting (~50% teleworking at the end of 2022 vs 70% in 2021). TP raises its employees awareness on the need for soft mobility and provides free shuttles at many sites. Our commitment SCIENCE BASED TARGETS Validated for scope 1, 2 and 3 CLIMATE PLEDGE Net Zero by 2040 10 years ahead the Paris Agreement RENEWABLE ENERGY Increase renewable energy to at least 30% by 2026 *Full-time equivalent How do we monitor and report? • Integrated report | GRI • Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures | TCFD • Carbon Disclosure Project | CDP • Alignment with ISO 14001 Reduce by 2026 • Scope 1 & 2 by 49% per FTE* • Scope 3 by 38.3% per FTE* ENERGY EFFICIENCY Energy Management Systems Green Premises Standards Green IT equipment RENEWABLE ENERGY Energy Attribute Certificates Solar panels DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION Reduced emissions through Digital TP Cloud Campus (work-at-home solution) Migration to cloud services WASTE MANAGEMENT OFFICE WASTE Recycling of plastics and furniture Reduction at source Sorting at source CIRCULARITY PRACTICES Electronic Waste Repair & Repurpose Recycling & Donation How do we reduce? • Employee engagement and awareness • COTP training and volunteering • Client and supplier partnership How do we engage? • One Tree Planted global partnership 500K trees planted and pledge to reach 1 million • Biodiversity conservation campaigns • World Clean-up challenge And, consequently, restore? 2026 TARGET 2022 RESULT - 49% (1) - 49% (1) 2026 TARGET 2022 RESULT 2026 TARGET 2022 RESULT 30% - 50%(1) - 38.3%(1) 27.8% 2.133 1.249 2019 2020 1,404 1,119 1.057 880 2019 2020 2021 2021 1.079 2022 866 2022 2.133 1.249 2019 2020 1,404 1,119 1.057 880 2019 2020 2021 2021 1.079 2022 866 2022 8 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 9 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Our Group 2 3 1 31% 65% 4%

(2) Excluding specialized services. (3) Full-time equivalent (FTE). RESOURCES OUR MISSION Reducing frictions between companies and customers, administrations and citizens. OUR AMBITION Becoming an undisputed global leader in digital integrated business services. CONTRIBUTION TO SDGS OUR VISION Each interaction matters. TP combines human touch and high technology to deliver simpler, faster and safer customer interactions. OUR VALUES MEGATRENDS TECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION SOCIETAL AND DEMOGRAPHIC CHANGES DISRUPTION OF THE GLOBAL ORDER ECONOMIC CHANGECLIMATE CHANGE Business model Through its activities Teleperformance creates long-term value to all its stakeholders. Cosmos | Integrity Earth | Respect Metal | Professionalism Air | Innovation Fire | CommitmentCosmos | Integrity Earth | Respect Metal | Professionalism Air | Innovation Fire | CommitmentCosmos | Integrity Earth | Respect Metal | Professionalism Air | Innovation Fire | CommitmentCosmos | Integrity Earth | Respect Metal | Professionalism Air | Innovation Fire | CommitmentCosmos | Integrity Earth | Respect Metal | Professionalism Air | Innovation Fire | Commitment HUMAN • 412,742 employees • 300+ languages & dialects FINANCIAL • €8.2B Revenue • 15.5% current EBITA • €703M Net Free cash flow INDUSTRIAL • 400+ sites • 57 TP Cloud Campus countries (home office solution) • Multilingual hubs • Customer Journey Showrooms INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL • Operational Processes and Standards • CX Lab (research center) • 100+ proprietary digital Platforms SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP • Close to 1,200 clients(1), of which 50% global accounts • 170+ markets • Citizen of the World, charity initiative ENVIRONMENTAL • Natural resources (mainly electricity) • Citizen of the Planet, environmental initiative EMPLOYEES €5.3 B wages and social benefits 63% non-agent positions filled internally 97% employees working at a best employer subsidiary CORPORATE CLIENTS & GOVERNMENTS 27% revenue from Top 10 clients 46% revenue from the digital economy (2) 13 years average client tenure COMMUNITIES €291M income tax paid €11M raised for charities 98,900 volunteer hours SHAREHOLDERS 194 M€ dividends 146 M€ share buyback FINAL CUSTOMERS 1B interactions (2) Tailored customer experience Data security: BCR, GDPR ENVIRONMENT - 9% decrease in scopes 1 & 2 carbon footprint per employee (3) 27.8% renewable energy 500,000 trees planted CREATING VALUE TO ALL STAKEHOLDERS 10 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 11 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Our Group

Supporting the United Nations Global Compact The UN Global Compact’s governance framework, adopted by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan in 2000, is a call to companies to align strategies and operations with universal principles on human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption, and take actions that advance societal goals. As a signatory to the UN Global Compact since 2011, Teleperformance is committed to upholding and promoting its ten fundamental principles and contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). SCOPE Teleperformance mainly focuses on supporting Sustainable Development Goals #1, #5, #8, #10 and #13. 12 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 13 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 TELEPERFORMANCE’S CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS ACROSS THE ENTIRE VALUE CHAIN Positive impact for people and the environment Mitigation of risks to people and the environment INTERNAL INITIATIVES AND POLICIES 1.1/ Major employer in developing countries. TP offers a decent wage to all its employees. Inclusion programs. (see p. 32-41) 4.4/ TP lays on a wide range of training courses and development programs for employees. (see p. 32-33) 3.4, 3.8/ TP has set up programs for health and wellbeing at work and offers health insurance to employees. (see p. 32-33) 7.2/ Increasing the renewable energy share in TP’s energy mix. (see p. 8-9) 5.5/ Higher proportion of women in management positions. The TP Women initiative aims to achieve gender equality across the board. (see p.38) 8.3, 8.5, 8.6/ TP is a major local employer. (see p. 32-35; 40-41) 10.4/ TP has adopted a diversity and inclusion policy as a means of achieving greater equality. (see p. 36-41) 13.2/ TP is committed to reducing its carbon footprint per employee. (see p. 8-9) 10.4/ TP has set up programs to hire people from vulnerable groups. (see p. 40-41) 17.16, 17.17/ TP has developed numerous partnerships with public and private organizations. (see p. 28-29; 40-45) TP signed a global agreement with UNI Global to strenghten social dialogue within its organization. (see p.17) 16.5/ Through a robust set of Group policies, TP is committed to complying with national and international standards and regulations that seek to promote the most stringent ethical standards. (see p. 46) TP practices zero tolerance towards all forms of corruption and extortion and has developed a global anti- corruption program in line with the French Sapin II law. The anti-corruption program is detailed in the 2022 Universal Registration Document at section 3.4.2.3. Rollout of a hotline policy for all internal and external stakeholders. (see p. 46) COMPANY BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 26% of TP’s revenue contributes directly to the SDGs, particularly in the healthcare sector and specialized services to citizens. 3.8/ TP provides interpreting services for foreigners and the hearing impaired in hospitals. TP provides Covid-19 response services (helplines, contact tracking, health center call management). (see p. 28-29) 8.1, 8.2/ TP is a major player in high value-added and labor-intensive services and innovation development. (see p. 24-25) 9.C/ TP helps make information accessible to everyone, everywhere. (see p. 28-29) 10.2/ TP provides a customer experience to people with limited access. (see p. 28-29) OUTSIDE THE COMPANY 1.2, 1.5, 2.1/ TP provides support to children and victims of natural disasters and humanitarian emergencies. (see p. 42-45) 4.4/ TP is committed to supporting education through its philanthropy program. (see p. 42-45) 13.3/ TP raises awareness among employees about environment-friendly practices. (see p. 42-45) 15.1, 15.2, 15.3, 15.5/ TP has formed a reforestation partnership with One Tree Planted and supported the planting of 500,000 trees. (see p. 43) Our Group

EMPLOYEES Dialog methods Employee satisfaction surveys, chats with the CEO, focus groups, Intranet, coaching and performance reviews Needs and expectations • Wellbeing at work, diversity & inclusion • C ompetitive remuneration • Car eer development TP’s strategic response: P . 32-42. Ranked among the 25 best employers in the world by Fortune magazine and Great Place to Work ® CLIENTS Dialog methods Client satisfaction surveys, RFPs, strategic account management, events, website, partnerships Needs and expectations • Customer satisfaction and loyalty • Gr owth and digital transformation • S ecure and cost-effective solutions TP’s strategic response: P . 23-31. Our top clients have been with us for 13 years on average CUSTOMERS Dialog methods Systematic customer satisfaction surveys, omnichannel interactions Needs and expectations • Iden tify a simple and fast solution to their problems, wherever they may be TP’s strategic response: P . 28-29. Over a billion interactions in 2022 COMMUNITIES Dialog methods Volunteer work, partnerships with government departments and NGOs, industry associations Needs and expectations • Develop jobs and local economy • Use natural resources responsibly TP’s strategic response: P . 8-9; 40-45. 125,000 young people hired for their first job €11M donations made to NGOs SUPPLIERS Dialog methods Calls for tenders and commercial relationships Needs and expectations • Bal anced relationships and respect of payment deadlines TP’s strategic response: section 3.4.4 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document Developing a responsible purchasing approach SHAREHOLDERS Dialog methods Roadshows, shareholders’ meetings, financial reporting, publications Needs and expectations •Stable and sustainable performance •Transparency and sound governance TP’s strategic response: P . 46-58. TP OPEN DOORS In January 2023, Teleperformance organized an open doors campaign with site visits around the world to provide an immersive experience for investors and analysts by providing the opportunity to discover the group's activities and the employees' working environment. Not many companies would be confident enough to open up multiple locations to investors – well done and much appreciated. » Major U.S. institutional investor « Creating value for our stakeholders Teleperformance is committed to being an efficient and sustainable model of value creation for all its stakeholders. As such, the Group seeks to achieve full satisfaction among all its stakeholders on a daily basis: a happy employee is the first step towards ensuring customer satisfaction and therefore satisfying Teleperformance’s clients. This “satisfaction chain” needs to function smoothly in order to create value for the whole ecosystem (shareholders, local communities, suppliers, lenders, etc.). Teleperformance conducts an ongoing dialog with its main stakeholders in order to understand and meet their expectations. DIALOG WITH OUR MAIN STAKEHOLDERS SHARING VALUE ADDED Teleperformance aims to share the value it creates among all of its stakeholders. As such, a large portion of the value generated by the Group is redistributed. EMPLOYEES payroll expenses €5,339 million GOVERNMENT income tax €256 million SUPPLIERS external expenses (telecom, upkeep, etc.) €1,044 million RENT €244 million SHAREHOLDERS Dividends €195 million €8,154 M 2022 revenue FINANCIAL FLOWS REDISTRIBUTED TO STAKEHOLDERS 14 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 15 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Creating value

Strengthening stakeholders dialog In 2022, Teleperformance updated its non-financial risk mapping and materiality matrix after consulting its main stakeholders and holding interviews on non-financial issues. This materiality analysis is designed to identify potential or actual impacts (i) on the Company’s performance and (ii) of the Company’s business on its stakeholders, as part of a dual materiality approach. While preparing the list of issues to be included in the analysis, Teleperformance took into account international standards (ISO 26000, the United Nations Global Compact and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and GRI standards), Article R. 225-105 of the French Commercial Code, sector and media watch benchmarks and analyses of existing internal documentation. All identified non-financial issues were submitted to a panel of around 40 stakeholders during the third quarter of 2022. On one hand, stakeholders (staff representatives, suppliers and partners, clients, public institutions, NGOs, industry analysts…) were asked to share their opinion on Teleperformance’s potential or actual impact on them in terms of these issues. On the other hand, Group managers representing all key departments assessed the criticality of the issues based on their probability of occurrence and severity in relation to the financial materiality of their impacts. The methodology is explained in the Universal Registration Document. The purpose of the analysis was to establish an order of priority among a wide range of social and environmental challenges facing the Group in view of its global stature. The analysis also helped strengthen the dialog with stakeholders on CSR issues, in order to ensure that the initiatives and programs created by Teleperformance met their expectations. In accordance with the priority areas pinpointed by the analysis, specific action plans and initiatives have been devised with the aim of mitigating and controlling the related risks and taking advantage of the opportunities arising from this procedure. Materiality matrix Non-financial issues classified in terms of (i) their impact, whether positive or negative, on stakeholders and (ii) the degree of risk (potential severity and probability of occurrence) they entail for Teleperformance’s operations: STAKEHOLDERS INTERVIEWS E uropean Works Council “A huge number of things are done well, but there is still room for improvement. The company is on the right track. It is essential that it listens to its employees in order to anticipate potential problems that it may not be aware of. S taff representative (Colombia) “Teleperformance is a great point of reference in many respects. I would advise it to never stop doing everything possible to be exemplary in terms of employee engagement, respect for its labor force, innovation for stakeholders and continuous improvement of employee working conditions.” Client (Philippines) “The company’s managers and agents deliver a premium, consistent performance. We can work together to make communication even more authentic.” NGO (Portugal) “It is very important that Teleperformance continues to build in the communities where the company is present.” Supplier (USA) “As a supplier, we see the company’s values implemented in various ways. In my mind, I am not aware of any other company doing more to accomplish its goals.” Carole Kerrey LEAD CERTIFICATION ASSESSOR AT VEREGO (INDEPENDENT CSR CERTIFICATION BODY) Verego is proud to award Teleperformance certification in all 5 areas of the SRS Standard (governance, ethics, people, community and environment) for the 9 th consecutive year. Not only did the enterprise earn this achievement without a single compliance gap, but the scores also demonstrate exemplary performance.” DUTY OF VIGILANCE On January 30, 2023, the OECD National Contact Point (NCP) definitively ended the proceedings initiated in April 2020 on the management of the Covid-19 outbreak. He applauded the actions taken by Teleperformance to follow its recommendations and maintain duty of care. GLOBAL AGREEMENT In December 2022, Teleperformance and UNI Global Union (“UNI”) signed a global agreement to strengthen their shared commitments in terms of employee rights to form trade unions and participate in collective bargaining. This agreement also reflects a determination to improve the working environment, particularly in terms of health and safety. It covers the Group’s employees worldwide. The qualitative interviews with stakeholders captured their different perspectives and brought their voices to the fore. IMPORTANCE TO STAKEHOLDERS IMPACTS ON TELEPERFORMANCE BUSINESS Critical issues Shared values and priorities Major issues Important issues We look forward to building trust and furthering a constructive relationship with Teleperformance in the years to come. » Christy Hoffman General Secretary of UNI Global Union « 16 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 17 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Creating value

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES FOR DRIVING SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT Our strategy 2022 was a year full of challenges, marked by major geopolitical issues, the persisting effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, high inflation, looming recession and the acceleration of climate change. The global economy is undergoing a general slowdown; war in Ukraine is slowing growth and exacerbating price tension, particularly on food and energy prices. In light of these events, and more than ever, Teleperformance must show its agility based on its three-dimensional approach (TP Cube). The Group’s strong resilience is partly due to its diversification in terms of solutions, client sectors and geographic locations, which enables it to support clients at times of slowdown as well as growth. OUR MISSION Reduce friction between companies and consumers, government agencies and citizens, by efficiently managing a growing number of interactions in a changing, ever more complex world. OUR AMBITION Becoming an undisputed global leader in digital integrated business services solutions. PREPARING FOR THE FUTURE MEANS LEARNING HOW TO WEATHER THE ONCOMING RECESSION. Continue to drive the high-touch, high-tech strategy The digital era began long ago and the global pandemic has only accelerated the digitalization of organizations. Teleperformance’s unique high-touch, high-tech positioning, combining the human aspects with technology, generates more efficient transformation solutions and gives power back to employees and end-users by creating meaningful interactions. During a recession, customer relations must be more efficient, more digital (an outcome of the health crisis), but also more human and personalized in order to continue to develop loyalty and create value. Make employees a key priority 47% of CFOs said it was difficult to locate and hire business talent. To address this issue, it is essential to attract and retain talent by promoting a strong corporate culture, offering attractive working conditions and making sure employees are factored into the organization’s future plan. Remain the partner of choice for digital acceleration at a time of uncertainty and disruption In an uncertain environment, companies must reinvent themselves, keep up with the latest trends and adopt innovative solutions. As an agile and trusted partner with over 40 years of expertise, Teleperformance can help companies improve the customer experience and increase their brand capital. By positioning itself at the cutting edge of innovation, Teleperformance helps the most prestigious brands accelerate their digital transformation in a wide variety of sectors. The Group works tirelessly to adapt and enable clients to continue their business despite all the disruption, through “Simpler, Faster and Safer” customer interactions. Teleperformance is ready to help its clients weather the recession thanks to a personalized approach coupled with value-added offerings. To manage the economic slowdown, the Group relies on its system of excellence in digital transformation, analytics and process management. Trust-based collaboration could be the key factor in gaining a competitive edge during these unpredictable times. BUILDING TRUST High-touch Place the human dimension and empathy at the center of the customer experience. Recruit, train and retain the best talent. Develop a Great Place to Work® ecosystem. High-tech Rely on cutting- edge technology, automation, predictive models and the most stringent data security and cybersecurity standards. Lean Six-Sigma Achieve solid overall performance and operational excellence through standardized procedures. Our strategic drivers Step up our transformation Create tailor-made, innovative solutions to meet the needs of each client. Develop high value-added digital solutions and continue to develop specialized services through targeted acquisitions. • Digital tr ansformation system, analytics and process management • Business expertise • PSG Global Solutions acquisition Consolidate our sector expertise Provide integrated solutions tailored to each business sector, particularly in the fast-growing areas of healthcare, the public sector and financial services. • Incr easing verticalization of solutions • Client pr oximity • Str ong growth in the healthcare, public services and financial services sectors Strengthen our international presence Offer flexible smartshoring solutions throughout the world. Continue to expand into growth markets. Rely on diverse and multicultural teams as performance drivers. • W ork-from-home solution - TP Cloud Campus • 3 ne w countries in 2022 • Str ong growth in India To successfully carry out its mission, Teleperformance has developed a strategy based on three main areas. 18 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 19 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Creating value

THE GROUP HAS SET BOLD TARGETS IN THIS RESPECT (1) Full-time equivalent. Our CSR commitments and objectives Teleperformance has long been committed to sustainable development and social responsibility. As a leader in our sector, we are committed to being a CSR benchmark and a driver of change. CSR is a focal point of our values and culture and is gaining interest and support among our stakeholders, particularly employees. Aligning interests is an essential element, which is why our objectives have been incorporated into the Group executive and key manager remuneration schemes and into our financing programs. » Clémentine Gauthier Group CSR Director « • Achi eve more than €10 billion revenue (excluding acquisitions) and an EBITA margin of 16% in 2025 by driving sustained organic growth, developing digital transformation solutions and continuing to make targeted acquisitions in high value-added services; • C ontinue to obtain best employer certification reflecting a strong commitment to employees; • Main tain an even gender balance within the Group’s workforce and in management positions, and increase the proportion of women in governing bodies, including 30% women in the Executive Committee by 2023; • St ep up the commitment to combating climate change by reducing carbon emissions, in accordance with the objectives approved by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), and increasing the renewable energy share of the Group’s total electricity consumption to 30% by 2026; • Uphol d the commitment to local communities by collecting over €7 million per year in donations to NGOs and stepping up the Impact Sourcing programs. This is reflected in our commitment to the United Nations Global Compact, as well as our own Citizen of the World (COTW) and Citizen of the Planet (COTP) initiatives, which aim to share value creation with stakeholders, bring positive changes to the current world and raise awareness of social and environmental issues. Teleperformance aims to achieve total satisfaction among its stakeholders. In order to fulfill its mission and meet the expectations of its main stakeholders, Teleperformance has made three commitments that go hand in hand with the Group’s strategy. Teleperformance measures its impact on its ecosystem through performance indicators and short- and medium-term objectives. A major employer among young generations and vulnerable communities 125,000 young people hired for their first professionnal experience Customer experience for all, helping break down social, geographic and cultural barriers + 1B interactions per year Be the best employer in the sector in order to hire, train and retain the best people Maintain a r ate of more than 90% of employees working at a certified best employer subsidiary Our impact on individuals Develop women’s employment in developing countries and promote gender equality Incr ease female membership of the Executive Committee to 30% by 2023 Citizen of the World helps vulnerable children and their families 11M€ donations in 2022 60,000 vulnerable children benefited from educational support TP's hospital interpreting services save lives 16% of the revenue dedicated to the healthcare sector Our impact on communities Staff awareness campaigns on the protection of the environment + 3,700 hours of volunteer work on environmental protection projects in 2022 CO 2 emission reduction targets in accordance with the Paris Agreement Reduce our Scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 49% per FTE (1) between 2019 and 2026 +500,000 trees planted in partnership with One Tree Planted Client partnerships designed to help clients achieve their environmental goals through innovative solutions 55% CO 2 emissions reduction for Cloud Campus employees Our impact on the environment Contribution to SDGS Strategic non-financial targets used to determine annual variable remuneration awarded to executive officers. OUR COMMITMENTS AND OBJECTIVES A pr eferred employer • Emplo yee engagement and well-being • Car eer development • Health & Safety • Human rights • Diversity , equity & Inclusion A trusted partner • Business ethics • Customer experience and innovation • Data security • Sustainable gr owth A For ce of Good • Meaningful jobs • Positive impacts on local communities and the environment 20 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 21 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Creating value

The past three years have been a tremendous accelerator of digital transformation of the trade economy and customer relations in general. Teleperformance supports its clients in their digital transformation so as to generate value within the customer experience in a constantly changing environment. With nearly 1,200 clients, including 50% global accounts, Teleperformance has the most diversified client base in its sector. Their loyalty, as demonstrated by a retention rate of over 95% and an average client relationship of 13 years, is the best indicator of their satisfaction. Digital technology serving customer relations Efficiency Teleperformance has developed a comprehensive set of around 100 digital platforms to support its transformation projects. These automation solutions serve as facilitators of human interactions. For example, the creation of predictive models improves flow distribution and, as a result, customer advisor planning. The aim can also be to identify the most suitable advisor to handle a given customer query, thus enhancing the overall customer experience. For a client in the banking sector in Latin America, an automated screen synchronization solution allows advisors to find a reliable response from several databases within a few seconds, thereby reducing customer query handling time by 30%. Empathy Digital and automated solutions serving an enhanced customer advisor. By eliminating a number of basic repetitive tasks, these solutions allow employees to focus on more complex value-creating assignments while developing their powers of empathy and emotional intelligence. Solutions such as TP Prompto analyze perceptions, thereby helping advisors to formulate individual bespoke responses. Flexibility Backed by a global integrated network of onshore, nearshore and offshore multilingual operations performed by employees working remotely or on site, Teleperformance offers a unique range of smartshoring solutions worldwide, tailored to client needs and constraints. Working through committed expert teams based worldwide and managed centrally, the Group offers optimum operational flexibility while eliminating geographic boundaries. A HOLISTIC APPROACH Teleperformance provides innovative solutions to help clients adapt to changing markets, economies and trends. The strength of the support it offers its clients is based on several factors: ⸱ Sk illed and highly trained teams including in emotional intelligence; ⸱ Thr eefold expertise in terms of sector, service and country, enabling us to offer a customized solution for each client and each interaction; ⸱ Cl ose proximity to clients, thereby facilitating a thorough understanding of their transformation needs; ⸱ Enhanc ed sector expertise; ⸱ Agili ty, flexibility and speed in implementing solutions; ⸱ Str engthening of the high value-added services offering, including the consulting-based approach adopted by the TP Digital (formerly T .A.P .TM) teams; ⸱ A singl e One TP structure and excellence procedures geared to providing consistent services worldwide; ⸱ Staff di versity, an essential driver of performance and innovation; ⸱ Sustainabl e financial strength; ⸱ R eliable protection of systems and personal data through certified procedures aligned with the most stringent international standards (ISO 27701, Binding Corporate Rules, PCI, etc.) and designed to protect the entire ecosystem spanning clients, end-users and employees. TP CLOUD CAMPUS Teleperformance Cloud Campus is a virtual platform for the remote management of teams and operations that facilitates centralized management of interactions with clients irrespective of their location. At the end of 2022, around 50% of employees were working from home, a solution that allowed Teleperformance to broaden its talent pool and provide more employment opportunities to people living in isolated regions or persons with disabilities, for example. THE IMPACT OF DIGITAL TECHNOLOGY ON WORKING METHODS I was temporarily disabled due to a past medical condition and Cloud Campus has given me the opportunity to continue to provide for my three children. It also helps me establish a greater work-life balance. » Celina Serrano Customer Experience Specialist, TP US « 23 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 202222 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High Tech

*Net Promoter Score (client satisfaction) A transformation method adaptable to each client The Group has developed a transformation solution called TP Digital (formerly T .A.P .™) that can be tailored to all service offerings. Digital transformation is a current priority for all our clients, whether they be “disruptors” or “disrupted” . The adoption of major technological solutions can only help increase our employees’ productivity and wellbeing and advance customer relations. » Sidharth Mukherjee Head of Digital Transformation « TP Digital combines the Lean Six Sigma method with design thinking to support successful transformation. It encourages a collaborative and consultative approach, and offers solutions tailored to the needs of each client. The aim is to analyze the customer experience in depth and thus identify opportunities for optimization and improvement, in order to make customer experience a real differentiating factor. Teleperformance’s holistic T .A.P .™ approach guides clients along the entire pathway from solution development and deployment through to guaranteed results. 80% of our sales proposals to clients include a transformation solution Nearly 2,000 digital, analytics and process management solution architects + 15,000 bots deployed Our framework is based on three pillars Challenges The partnership between Samsung and Teleperformance began in 2014, when the client was looking to transform its customer relations service to make it more accessible to end-users and customer advisors. Solutions First, Teleperformance and Samsung worked on setting up a 24/7 customer service combining human advisors and bots, particularly for night service. Today, 16% of digital interactions are resolved by bots, allowing human advisors to spend more time on complex queries. AI-based analysis of interactions also allows advisors to provide personalized solutions in real time. Next, using the innovative TP Digital approach, Teleperformance and Samsung were able to identify and implement a number of improvements to operational processes. After the outbreak of the pandemic, these initiatives allowed Samsung to switch over half of its customer relations service to teleworking in just six weeks, while maintaining performance and productivity levels. The secret behind this partnership is continuous innovation. An approach based on innovation, collaboration and consultation The relationship between Samsung and Teleperformance is based on innovation. Never rest on your laurels, but keep moving forward. Seek out the next good idea. And continue to find new ways to build the best possible customer experience. » Daan van der Mijden Senior Director Customer Service, Samsung Benelux « Benefits 54% increase in NPS* 50% reduction in attrition rate 20% increase in interactions handled 30% cost reduction per interaction CASE BY STUDY ANALYSIS DESIGN THINKING FORMALIZATION VALIDATION DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING 24 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 25 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High Tech

INNOVATIVE, HIGH-PERFORMANCE solutions Solutions FOCUSED ON EMPLOYEE WELLBEING Solutions GEARED TO USER NEEDS 93% T&S employee satisfaction 100% of T&S employees trained in wellbeing and mental health (1) Learning through games. + 46 700 individual counseling sessions 100% of moderators benefit from a wellbeing break of at least 30 minutes every day OUTSTANDING EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE An independent survey conducted by Korn Ferry, a leading global organizational consulting firm, announced that Teleperformance Trust & Safety division exceeds the benchmarked average for 600+ other companies by double- digits margins on key aspects for the employee experience. Based on focus groups and surveys in which more than 60% of the employees participated: • 90% feel the company provides a safe working environment • 85% would recommend Teleperformance as an employer FOCUS ON E-SPORTS Teleperformance works with major video game companies by providing gamer support, community management, content moderation and fraud prevention services. Strengthening its leadership in the online gaming market, the Group inaugurated its first “E-sports arena” in Lisbon, Portugal and a center of excellence for e-sports, gaming, the metaverse and Web 3.0, the Internet of the future. Trust & Safety The number of digital platforms and social media networks continues to rise. Their use generates a huge amount of data and content that needs to be monitored. 26 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 27 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Our Trust & Safety teams review millions of publications every week, thereby helping make platforms and social media networks safer for users and communities. These services help protect users from fake news and sensitive or violent content. 17,500 experts providing Trust & Safety services In 54 languages out of 28 countries 33 clients Content moderation Advertising moderation and monetization Artificial intelligence used to train, test and improve algorithms Fraud prevention for e-commerce and payment platforms Application support and development Digital media and copyright Authentication Social media community management Teleperformance places great importance on the wellbeing and mental health of its moderators. As such, special procedures have been developed for them, including: • A bespok e hiring procedure involving a series of psychometric tests designed to identify resilient candidates suited to this type of position; • R esilience training provided to all managers, trainers, team leaders and advisors to help them identify and deal with signs of emotional stress; • P ersonalized organization and infrastructure to provide the right working environment: relaxation breaks, wellness workshops, stress management techniques, sports and yoga classes, regular employee surveys, the opportunity to disconnect; • Ong oing access to psychological counseling by certified counselors and a dedicated Teleperformance wellbeing officer assigned to each program; • 24/7 ext ernal support program during and after the work cycle; • A r esearch department dedicated to continuously improving the wellbeing program, which carries out frequent surveys in cooperation with third-party tech providers and experienced educational institutions such as Stanford University. Training enhanced by “gamification”(1) Teleperformance invests in coaching and training at all levels to help each person achieve their full potential, in particular by developing the Trust & Safety Academy and learning through games, simulations and roleplays. Teleperformance’s Trust & Safety solutions provide ongoing protection of consumer and client data, ensuring regulatory compliance, safeguarding brand reputation and making platforms safer in a wide range of sectors such as social media, e-commerce, technology, travel, financial services and online gaming. Guided by the Group’s balanced high-touch, high-tech approach, our Trust & Safety teams stand out for their mastery of cultural and linguistic subtleties, technical expertise, training in problem solving and extensive knowledge of user expectations, while continuously helping to improve algorithms. High Tech

90% member satisfaction 53% improvement in access to treatment for people with chronic diseases AN ACQUISITION STRATEGY GEARED TOWARDS A SUSTAINABLE MODEL SPECIALIZED SERVICES SUPPORTING CITIZENS Enhanced expertise in healthcare and services to citizens The sectors of healthcare and services to citizens were heavily impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic, undergoing accelerated digitalization including record growth in medical phone consultations, online appointment booking, digital transition of public services, etc. Backed by the growing diversification and verticalization of its solutions, Teleperformance has developed a holistic offering for the healthcare and citizen services sectors, which has been bolstered over the last few years by its specialized services unit and targeted acquisitions. Over the past two years, Teleperformance has made three targeted acquisitions to expand its expertise and solutions portfolio in the areas of healthcare and services to citizens. These solutions allow everyone easy access to more reliable information about their rights. Thus, TP is strengthening its social role as a facilitator and link builder in sectors that are key to everyone's daily life. LANGUAGELINE FACILITATES CITIZEN COMMUNICATION LanguageLine solutions connect to a live professional interpreter in a few seconds, which can save lives during 911 calls and at hospitals or ensure justice in legal situations. In Greenville County, in the United States, LanguageLine has been assisting during 911 calls for more than 40 years. When someone calls 911 and speaks a language other than English, the dispatcher calls LanguageLine, which will then find an interpreter among the 17,000 interpreters available around the clock in more than 240 languages. For Greer PD Captain Patrick Fortenberry, it is an advantage to having a professional interpreter handle the conversation because they “are native speakers who understand the nuances in the manner in which people speak and to be able to relay those nuances to the officer is extremely valuable.” In Boston, Dallas and New Jersey, three of the best children's hospitals in the US have managed to successfully implement LanguageLine's InSight Video Interpreting ® solution allowing limited-English speakers and hearing impaired to feel heard and seen thanks to video remote interpreting available via tablet, smartphone, or laptop in 41 languages, including American and British Sign Language. Shannon Swope, Manager of Outpatient Care Coordination at Children's Specialized Hospital recalls one of her young, deaf, long-term care patients: “Prior to having the video interpreting, we would have to hire somebody to come in and do one-on-one interpreting and we had minimal staff who knew American Sign Language. Once we got the video, we were going with him up and down the hallways and in therapy sessions. It made him open up a lot more. The interpreters are very friendly and smile back at the kids, and the kids love the interaction.” 28 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 29 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 On June 22nd, 2021, Teleperformance closed the acquisition of Health Advocate, a US-based provider of digital integrated business solutions and services for consumer healthcare management. Health Advocate’s solutions make it easier to navigate the complexities of the American healthcare system, understand the US health cover system, identify and contact local practitioners, manage healthcare expenses, negotiate medical costs, access medical information provided by a network of certified professionals or receive personalized medical advice for improving daily health. On December 28th, 2021, the Group acquired Senture, a major provider of business process outsourcing (BPO) services to government agencies in the United States. Senture provides support services designed to handle queries in healthcare, education, transportation and social services. On October 27th, 2022, Teleperformance announced the acquisition of PSG Global Solution, a leader in digital recruitment process outsourcing (“RPO”) in the United States specializing in the healthcare sector. PSG offers recruitment solutions, recruitment support services such as administrative management, SEO and payroll, as well as a full cycle of recruitment process outsourcing, from job sourcing through to candidate induction. TLSCONTACT SUPPORTING UKRAINIAN REFUGEES TLScontact specializes in visa application management and consular services on behalf of governments worldwide. Every day, visa center teams at TLScontact welcome hundreds of visa applicants who come to submit files, register their biometric data and ask questions on how to proceed. For some visitors, applying for a visa is nothing special, while for others, it is a brand-new experience or even the beginning of a life-changing journey. "As representatives of the UK Visas & Immigration department on the European continent, we had to increase our capacity practically overnight to handle the influx of people fleeing Ukraine and wishing to obtain a visa for the United Kingdom" recalls Gabriele Piva, Chief Operations Officer. Employees in the European centers worked tirelessly during the first few weeks of the crisis to process cases and provide support and advice to applicants. In Warsaw, where the most people were welcomed by nearly 50 employees from 13 different countries at the height of the crisis, a client spoke about Zana, the manager who welcomed her. “It was her day off, and yet she was there. She handled applications and took biometrics until 11 p.m., without even having lunch or taking a coffee break. It is impossible to describe the kindness with which she talked to people and offered them her help.” Another person recounted the team’s efforts to find ways to speed up the process. “As we returned to the visa center several times, I was impressed by how everyone strived to improve and simplify the process on a daily basis. Visa center employees worked tirelessly, sometimes until midnight, to help as many people as possible.” "The beginning of the war in Ukraine was a new opportunity for our teams to demonstrate the importance of effective and empathetic human interactions. » Gabriele Piva Chief Operations Officer « High Tech

High Tech- H igh Touch Teleperformance is a people company whose business model is based on the interactions its employees create with customers and citizens every day. Each interaction matters. Each person matters. TRAINING I get great joy being in the training room or on the operations floor, coaching colleagues. I associate the training of employees at TP with the preparation of a new journey, allowing them to best approach each new step. My greatest satisfaction is when an agent says to me: "Darine, I applied what you taught me, and it worked!" In a playful setting, we use tools and techniques that allow employees to discover new areas such as emotional intelligence. I have found that this method allows them to grow both professionally and personally, and that's the mark TP leaves. » CUSTOMER SERVICE The technical support allows customers to solve any malfunctioning of their device. To do this, it is first necessary to detect the origin of the breakdown. Whether it can be solved remotely or not, it is important to reassure the customer that their request will be fully taken care of. The tone used, the serenity in the voice and the dynamism at the end of the line allow to put the customer in confidence. Empathy, a smile and good humor are my daily allies. » TELEWORKING TP provides a great work from home experience! Working from home has certainly improved my productivity. TP Cloud Campus enables us to connect with our teams across the world regardless of location and without the need for physical connection. It’s even more rewarding that my team and I get to support many tools used by our Cloud Campus team members. » ANALYTICS Our team of experts in data science and user experience explores new technologies to propose innovative solutions that are the differential value in each of our clients' markets. With analytics we have the ability to understand in depth the behavior of customers, their concerns, their interests and when our service exceeds their expectations. Our goal is to use that knowledge to achieve customer satisfaction and efficient and profitable operations. Our success is based on a stimulating work environment with multiple challenges that motivate me to do my best and achieve my goals. I love my daily interactions with the teams from all over the world working as One TP . » « « C AREER I never expected to be in this position when I first started at Teleperformance in 2008. I always try to stay close to the people I work with and evaluate their potential because the working environment is set up to motivate you to move forwards. At Teleperformance you always have the space to grow professionally in your career. Here we are first of all colleagues and mostly friends. It's a big family that has helped me grow professionally. » « « « Oscar Garavito DIRECTOR OF INNOVATION AND DATA SCIENCE, TP COLOMBIA Brandon Graybeal PEOPLE TECHNOLOGY MANAGER, TP UNITED STATES Olivia Dagnon TECHNICAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST, TP TOGO Darine Ltaief TRAINER AND CSR COORDINATOR, TP TUNISIA Eriona Leba ASSISTANT CONTACT CENTER MANAGER, TP ALBANIA 30 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 31 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High Tech

CONTINUOUS LISTENING TO EMPLOYEES To better understand how employees view their work and meet their expectations, Teleperformance has deployed a number of employee listening tools: ⸱ E.Sat: an annual internal employee satisfaction survey with a 56% participation rate in 2022 and steadily increasing results; ⸱ Gr eat Place to Work® external certification: 64 countries certified, representing more than 97% of the workforce, with an average trust index of 79% in the employee satisfaction surveys, well above the minimum requirement; ⸱ Momen ts of Truth: talent retention surveys designed to ensure employee satisfaction after each stage of their career; ⸱ S entiment Surveys: daily surveys allowing employees to express their feelings. Ongoing attentiveness to employee sentiment via these surveys serves as a means of improving working conditions and promoting their professional development. Based on the results, action plans are defined and implemented under the responsibility of the HR department. People, a key priority Teleperformance is committed to working for the wellbeing and personal development of its employees, who are the cornerstone of the Group’s organization. Corporate culture is based on diversity, equity and inclusion and the Group seeks to provide the best possible working environment allowing employees to learn every day, stay motivated, feel safe and thrive. The Group’s strategy is centered on people, as only a human touch can offer unique and meaningful interactions for end-users and employees alike. The Group strives to outdo its peers and offer employees the highest standards in terms of working conditions, with attractive employment conditions in each market. This high-touch approach aims to continuously improve the employee experience by providing employees with support throughout their careers: hiring, integration, skills development, etc. For the second year running, this approach has enabled Teleperformance to be listed among the 25 World’s Best Workplaces™, this time ranked 11 th worldwide. This independent ranking, which is directly based on the objective opinions of employees around the world, reflects the commitment of employees to the Group’s values and the top priority assigned to their wellbeing. 32 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 33 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High Touch

RECRUITMENT STAFF LOYALTY AND RETENTION It is essential for the Group to retain its employees once they have been recruited. This means offering attractive working conditions and a respectful and stimulating corporate culture. In light of high staff turnover* in the sector, it is essential to find new ways to retain the best talent. The Employee Save Team aims to analyze and reduce the attrition rate resulting from voluntary departures. By understanding the reasons why people leave the company, Teleperformance aims to contact at-risk employees in order to find ways of keeping them on. Their ultimate purpose is to create a solution for detecting early warning signs in order to take action before the employee tenders their resignation. In 2022, the Employee Save Team retained nearly 60,000 employees. * Aver age annual staff turnover rate of 87% for agent positions for the sector according to the COPC Global Benchmarking Services sector standard, Contact Center Outsourcing, March 2022. João Tavares, HR Manager TP Portugal We are going to experience considerable growth over the next years, leading us to adopt an innovative recruitment approach. For example, we opened the first TP Store, a recruitment center in the north-eastern part of the country, allowing us to recruit more than 2,000 people working from home or at TP centers. TP Shuttle is our new vehicle carrying an on-board recruitment center that travels the roads of north-east India to recruit new talent and create an attractive brand image for the Group. This innovative bus will ultimately cover the entire country and new TP Stores will open to reach as many potential candidates as possible, including in rural areas where many people moved due to the pandemic. With teleworking and our new digital recruitment model, it is easier for us to reach these new targets. This year, we were able to meet 15% of our staffing needs by hiring in rural and remote communities. We have adopted a differentiated approach. Regarding work-from-home agents, there is currently no shortage but there is fierce competition for attracting talent. On the one hand, we rely on the agility of our recruiting team, which has been reorganized to be more flexible, more efficient and more familiar with local markets. On the other hand, we make sure we implement the right processes in line with our high-touch, high-tech strategy. We have therefore defined shared hiring process flows, developed training for all recruiters, accelerated contact with candidates and simplified the induction process after hiring. In the current post-Covid era, a large part of the workforce are demanding flexibility in terms of working hours and workplace. To find talent willing to work on-site at TP facilities, we are raising awareness by mobilizing the recruiting teams at our facilities, attracting talent at local job fairs, establishing new partnerships and improving brand recognition in the communities where we operate. We have three main challenges. The first is to bring candidates to Portugal, because 60-70% of the people we recruit do not live here. The second is to meet the salary expectations of candidates depending on their country of origin. Finally, we face specific challenges for certain languages, either due to a scarcity of talent or specific work visa requirements. To meet these challenges, the first action we have taken is to work closely with operations to anticipate our staffing needs more broadly. We have developed detailed documents for our candidates highlighting our value- enhancing offering and the differences between the cost of living in Portugal and the candidate’s country of origin. This approach has proven to be a powerful tool to attract and retain talent. We also provide a comprehensive relocation service offering reception and accommodation solutions to foreign employees and helping them with visa applications if necessary. Finally, we focused on talent pools who speak rare languages to gain a better understanding of their expectations and improve our approach to them. What are your main challenges as a multilingual hub and how do you overcome them? Jessica Keenan, TP USA Recruitment Director How are you dealing with the current labor shortage in the United States? Preeti Acharya, Head of Recruitment TP India Teleperformance plans to increase significantly its workforce in India in the coming years. What is your recruitment strategy to achieve this? JOINT INTERVIEWS The success of the Teleperformance teams starts at the recruitment phase. To attract the very best candidates, the Group offers competitive wages, a range of employee benefits, career development opportunities, engagement programs and the best possible working environment. Teleperformance has set up robust hiring processes, enabling it to connect with the right candidates from multiple talent pools. The sector in which Teleperformance operates has an intrinsically high staff turnover rate* implying a significant volume of recruitment. The Group’s major challenge is to hire a large number of people who will thrive in their day-to- day work; several levers have been set up to achieve this: • Digital recruitment to identify and attract the best talent more quickly, streamline the hiring process, reduce the risk of recruiter bias and entice candidates who prefer teleworking. With the acquisition of PSG Global Solutions, a leading US provider of digital solutions in the field of hiring process outsourcing, Teleperformance continues to strengthen its expertise in digital hiring processes; • Promotion of teleworking through TP Cloud Campus, which enables new employees to be hired, regardless of the distance between them and the nearest Teleperformance location; • Di versification of talent pools, notably through the Impact Sourcing scheme which aims to hire people who are typically excluded from employment. « « « Recruitment is divided into four phases 34 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 35 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High Touch

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion as a driver of performance and innovation Teleperformance is the market leader today thanks to its diversity embedded within its DNA. Serving 170 markets in over 300 languages, TP is the most multicultural company in its sector. The diversity of its people allows the Group to offer innovative solutions and provide better support to clients and all other stakeholders. Teleperformance strives continually to promote diversity and inclusion in the workplace and to identify and break down any barriers that could prevent its employees from feeling fully integrated and engaged. Respect, solidarity and equity are essential to creating an environment in which everyone is able to express themselves freely, be authentic and fulfill their true potential. Teleperformance’s inherent diversity has helped it to reach the summit. Its conscious decision to seek out diversity, equity and inclusion will keep it there. Leadership Management must reflect the diversity within the Group and promote TP’s proactive policy in this area. Four advanced DE&I learning paths are assigned to all employees from director upwards. Target: 100% of employees trained in 2023. Culture Disseminate the DE&I policy throughout the Group via training modules, awareness campaigns, dedicated workshops, etc. Dozens of campaigns throughout the year according to a global calendar covering priority areas and global awareness days. Systems Implementation of policies, procedures and monitoring indicators to promote diversity and ensure progress. New tools for managing DE&I data on Power BI software and launch of a collection campaign regarding demographic data on priority areas in 13 countries in 2022. Reputation Incorporate best practices in this area to drive continuous improvement and establish partnerships with stakeholders, promoting diversity throughout the ecosystem. In 2022, TP ranked among the winners in four Comparably Awards categories: Best CEO, Best Company for Diversity, Best Company Leadership and Best Company for Women. +100 Nationalities 37% Generation Z 54% women TP’S GLOBAL APPROACH TO DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION (DE&I) GOVERNANCE TO PROMOTE DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION AT ALL LEVELS FOCUS ON 2 ERGS Latinx@TP carried out several actions in 2022 to increase the representation of the Latino community: • St ory-sharing content to empower the voices of the Latin community. • Unconscious bias training, available online and in-person for leaders and team members. • Mentoring program focused on the Latin community, with over 350 applicants at the end of 2022. • Support for bilingual agents to improve quality of work and management of bicultural groups. Launched in 2022, TP Men fights to break down gender bias. This initiative aims to: • P romote wellbeing and create a secure community where men from different backgrounds can share their experiences and support each other without making judgments. • R educe stigmatization related to mental and physical health issues among men. • Stimulate dialog. • Provide emotional support. Sponsors on the Executive Committee They support and represent the interests of each priority area while ensuring that strategic initiatives are aligned with the Group’s transformation in terms of diversity, equity and inclusion. DE&I Committee Composed of a variety of opinion leaders, the Committee defines the Group’s DE&I strategy and oversees the achievement of objectives and the compliance of measures introduced. DE&I Department It drives the DE&I approach and develop initiatives in collaboration with all subsidiaries and group departments. Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Driven by employees sharing the same characteristics, experiences or affinities, these groups seek to disseminate best practices in each of the DE&I priority areas. They are best placed to understand each person’s needs and challenges and thus obtain the best results on behalf of employees. 36 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 37 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 4 driversHighlights 5 priority areas High Touch

My mission is to harness and unleash the potential of our women and always inspire them to reach new heights. We are dedicated to hiring not only women employees, but also positioning women in senior positions. Change needs to happen everywhere. » Puja Bhatia Head of Learning & Development, TP India « Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 15,500+ people, i.e. 68% of participants visited the TP stand 250 resumes received 11,000 pieces of NFT clothing distributed Ch ange in the percentage of women employed by the Group 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 - 2025 Objectives: maintain gender balance 30% in 2023 Gender equality Overall workforce Management positions Executive committee Board of Directors Metaverse Pride Parade Teleperformance sponsored the Decentraland pride parade, an interactive virtual reality simulation metaverse, and its music festivals, DJ sets, parades and round tables exploring issues close to the LGBTQIA+ community. TP Shuttle, the Teleperformance recruitment shuttle bus, was present virtually for its first hiring initiative in the metaverse. Candidates were able to apply for the various job offers on the stand during the event, which was available 24/7 from June 11 th to 30 th, 2022. 38 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 39 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 The Group has introduced a set of procedures and guidelines to promote equal treatment for men and women. Having achieved an even balance among the workforce and in management positions, Teleperformance has set bold targets for increasing the proportion of women on governing bodies, thereby promoting equality across the board. TP Women stands behind diversity, inclusion and gender balance, supporting equal opportunity and participation at all levels and in all aspects via multiple programs, including: • a men toring scheme to help high-potential female employees reach senior positions in the Company; • a r eview of recruitment and training procedures for management positions; • s coreboards to track changes per region and per department; • netw orks to raise awareness and promote equality. Promotion of women's employment in India In 2014, when the gender ratio was particularly unbalanced, TP India created the GenderSmart initiative to guarantee equality and equal opportunities for men and women at the company. GenderSmart aims to hire more women, in particular for high positions. The share of women increased from 14% in 2014 to 39% in 2022, ahead of the goal of a minimum of 40% women by 2025. High Touch

TP, driver of inclusion and social mobility As a major employer worldwide, Teleperformance has a significant economic impact on the regions where it operates. Impact Sourcing Teleperformance strives to develop a truly inclusive workplace for people from all backgrounds and have a positive impact on its entire ecosystem. Integrating the working world is the most sustainable means of achieving inclusive economic growth and reducing poverty. Through its Impact Sourcing program, for over a decade now the Group has guaranteed access to formal employment for people who are regularly excluded from the workforce, referred to as “Impact Workers” . At least 20% of TP’s workforce is considered as Impact Workers.The many benefits of Impact Sourcing affect the entire chain: employees have access to a decent job enabling them to fulfill themselves and meet their needs and those of their families, communities benefit from the impact of formal employment on the local economy, the Company hires motivated people bringing innovative ideas and clients reap the benefits of this virtuous ecosystem. Impactful initiatives In Mexico, Teleperformance works alongside governmental and non-governmental organizations to help vulnerable and unemployed young people find work. The Unidos por el Propósito agreement signed in partnership with Nestlé Mexico in 2021 aims to recruit many unemployed young people and persons with disabilities. This year, 63 persons with disabilities were hired, versus an initial target of 52. Various skills development workshops for young people were organized, bringing together 7,000 people with the aim of improving the skills of young people to help them get their first job and gain access to better professional opportunities. In India, Teleperformance partners with various organizations to promote education, nutrition and digital literacy and has contributed to the education of thousands of children for several years (more than 10,000 in 2022). To go further, the new program called “Bridging the gap between education and livelihood” provides support for young people entering the job market: training sessions, mentoring provided by TP volunteers, coaching sessions to prepare for job interviews, etc. In South Africa, the youth unemployment rate is extremely high (64.2% according to the ILO). Lack of work experience is a barrier to accessing employment and, without financial stability, the prospect of higher education in formal institutions remains largely out of reach. Teleperformance works with the government and numerous local organizations to target these candidates and train them in advance to provide them with the necessary skills to join the Company. At the end of 2022, 127 young people were employed by TP thanks to this initiative. PARTNERSHIP FOR REFUGEES For several years, Teleperformance has been working with the TENT Partnership for Refugees NGO to recruit refugees in different countries, including Colombia, for example, where the Group employs over 1,900 Venezuelan refugees. In Egypt, Teleperformance employs dozens of refugees who have fled the conflicts in Syria, Iraq and various African countries. (1) Incentives and opportunities for scaling the Impact Sour cing Sector, Avasant and The Rockefeller Foundation. An approach structured around 5 main Impact Workers categories Inclusive recruitment based on an extensive network of specialized partners Best-in-class working conditions and fair wages Training and career development for all Local socio-economical impact multiplied by 4 (1) Cultural and linguistic diversity Economically disadvantaged Gender inclusion Physically disadvantaged Age inclusion Socially disadvantaged It is a gateway to employment for young people: in 2022, over 125,000 people were hired for their very first professional experience. In some of the countries where the Group operates, such as South Africa, Costa Rica or Guyana, the youth unemployment rate is particularly high. TP has developed targeted initiatives to facilitate the recruitment and integration of young people, who represent between 60% and 66% of the workforce in these three countries. The Group encourages the development of women’s employment, particularly in countries where the proportion of women in the workforce is among the lowest (source: ILO, 2021 data). In India, while only 19% of women are part of the workforce, TP employs 39% women, thanks to nearly a decade of initiatives under the GenderSmart program. Teleperformance offers multiple opportunities for advancement: it has an internal promotion rate of 63% and most of its senior managers come from local communities. Sources for unemployment data: International Labor Organization, 2021. DISABILITY SHOULD NO LONGER BE AN OBSTACLE TO GETTING A JOB TP Philippines launched the Echo project, an inclusive recruitment program for the hearing impaired for a client specializing in the distribution and exploitation of cinema films and television programs. The project was a success, largely due to the client’s desire to promote diversity and inclusion and the development of specific training courses for the hearing impaired. Awareness sessions were provided for the entire Cebu facility to show each employee and service provider how to interact with the new hearing-impaired agents, while several recruiters, trainers and supervisors learned sign language. Projet Echo People living in poverty Young people without a degree Refugees People with disabilities Long-term unemployed 40 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 41 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 High Touch

Teleperformance’s corporate culture aims to engage employees on a daily basis, whether they work on site or from home, attract the best talent and have the best possible impact on the regions where it operates. As a sign of its commitment to local communities and environmental protection, the Group launched two major programs in 2006 and 2008, Citizen of the World (COTW) and Citizen of the Planet (COTP). GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP WITH UNICEF In April 2022, Teleperformance decided to partner with UNICEF and provide support in the form of a US$6 million donation over three years. This partnership supports the following programs: • Education programs in the Group’s two main operating countries, India and the Philippines, where the education system was heavily impacted by the Covid-19 pandemic: In India, the program focuses on the education of teenagers and young children, quality of education and learning, access to digital educational resources and support and assistance for out-of-school children. Through its contribution, Teleperformance contributed to the equivalent of more than 7,200 “school in a bag” kits, providing school materials to nearly 290,000 students. In the Philippines, the education program mainly focuses on assisting local authorities and primary schools and implementing a system for identifying young children presenting a risk of learning difficulty or disability. • Suppor t for UNICEF’s emergency fund for disaster victims. In the Philippines, Teleperformance supports victims of Typhoon Rai that struck the Visayas and Mindanao Islands in December 2021. Through its contribution, Teleperformance contributed to the emergency needs in Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH kits) for 5,900 f amilies. In 2022, a significant portion of the emergency fund was allocated to victims of the war in Ukraine. EMERGENCY AID IN UKRAINE Teleperformance is committed to providing direct support to those affected by the war in Ukraine, notably through partnerships with UNICEF and the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). Teleperformance employees were also able to contribute via collections of food, hygiene kits, clothing and medical equipment. These ongoing efforts have raised over US$1.5 million in cash and in kind for emergency aid in Ukraine. Teleperformance’s contribution has helped meet certain urgent humanitarian needs, such as donations of medicine and medical equipment, the rehabilitation of the main waterworks, and the facilitation of the safe evacuation of thousands of civilians from cities such as Mariupol, including many women and children. The Group has also set up helplines and provided logistics and psychological support to its employees in Ukraine and their families. €11 millions donations collected (cash, in kind and volunteer work) 60,000+ children benefited from education programs in 2022 All together! GLOBAL PARTNERSHIP IN FAVOR OF REFORESTATION AND BIODIVERSITY In 2022, Teleperformance teamed up with One Tree Planted, an NGO dedicated to global reforestation, to fund the planting of 500,000 trees in India, the Philippines, the Andes region in South America, Portugal and the south- east of the United States. The Group also organized a fundraising campaign encouraging employees and other stakeholders to support the planting of an additional 500,000 trees. 98,900 hours of volunteer work COTW seeks to generate a positive impact on local communities, in particular to help vulnerable children and their families meet their basic needs. Through COTP , Teleperformance aims to reduce the environmental impact of its operational activities and raise awareness about behaviors and initiatives that help protect the environment. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT THROUGH ART Every year, TP celebrates the talent and diversity of its employees through art, dance and music competitions. In 2022, the videos of the 2,000 employees who took part generated over 300 million views on social media. The competition was launched in the metaverse for the first time. Musician Norah Jones sang her hit song Don’t Know Why and artist LeDania, who is known for her graffiti, created a digital work of art specifically for the occasion. The Masaka Kids Africana, a Ugandan community group, broadcast a choreography on Instagram to encourage Teleperformance employees to take part in the dance competition. The charity supports African children for whom dancing and singing are important means of expression. 42 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 43 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Force of Good

8 9 4 5 6 7 8 9 43 1 2 5 ALL TOGETHER! Teleperformance has a positive impact on the lives of thousands of people around the world thanks to the multiple initiatives undertaken by employees who are increasingly committed to changing the lives of local communities and preserving the planet. 44 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 45 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Force of Good

Teleperformance is committed to complying with the most stringent standards, particularly the UN Global Compact, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, ILO conventions and OECD guidelines. Corporate governance The corporate governance is detailed in chapter 4 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document. EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT Chairman and Chief Executive Officer He has full powers to act in any circumstances in the Company's name within the limits of the corporate purpose and subject to the powers expressly reserved by law to shareholders' meetings and the Board of Directors. He presides over the Executive Committee. Deputy Chief Executive Officer He assists the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and has the same powers vis-à-vis third parties. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Consisting of a reduced number of key managers, it is responsible for the Group’s operational management and implements the strategic guidelines defined by the Board of Directors. MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE Consisting of all the members of the Executive Committee and the main key operational and functional managers of the Group, it assists the executive management and the Executive Committee in the development and coordination of key strategic projects and initiatives set out by the Executive Committee. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Composed of 16 members, the Board of Directors sets the Company’s strategic guidelines and oversees their implementation. It is assisted by three specialized committees Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee Remuneration and Appointments Committee CSR Committee Ethics and corporate governance The Group’s business ethics commitments are also based on its five values: Integrity, Respect, Professionalism, Innovation and Commitment. These values underpin Group strategy and reflect Teleperformance’s firm commitment to fair business practices. The Teleperformance Code of Conduct and all of its policies define the rules, attitudes, actions and behavior expected and adopted by the Group, its directors and employees vis-à-vis all stakeholders. Teleperformance also makes sure that its subcontractors and suppliers are committed to an ethical approach in line with its Supplier Code of Conduct. The Global Ethics Hotline provides a channel for reporting acts that may be deemed unethical (acts of corruption, anti-competitive practices, violation of human rights, environmental damage, health and safety breaches, fraud, etc.). Corporate governance ensures compliance with the Group’s values and policies at all levels, in particular through Group management, the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors and the Global Compliance Department. TRANSFORMATION RISK MANAGEMENT 46 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 47 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Governance

Risk governance Risk management and internal control systems complement each other in controlling the Company’s activities. These systems are based on interaction between the five main functional and operational departments and senior management, the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and the Board of Directors. CSR governance To ensure the Group’s CSR commitments are integrated, a dedicated governance structure was set up. The Group’s key risks and associated control measures are set out in chapter 2 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document. Risks related to human rights, health and safety and the environment are also set out in the Group Vigilance Plan. Risks are identified and assessed by Group senior management and the subsidiaries according to their criticality. The criticality of each of these risks is assessed in relation to their probability of occurrence and the expected scope of their adverse impact, taking into account the risk management measures implemented by the main departments. Audit, Risk and Compliance Board Committee The Board of Directors defines and oversees the Group’s risk management framework. VALIDATION CSR Board Committee Verifies the proper integration of the Group’s social and environmental commitments, reviews regulatory publications and assesses the non-financial risks and their impact alongside the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors. BOOSTING THE VISION Executive Committee Embodies and enforces Group values and commitments. Approves CSR strategy. IMPLEMENTATION Supervision and validation Audit and internal control Compliance and Security Council Executive Committee The internal control system is based on five closely interrelated components: control environment, values and codes; circulation of information; risk management system; system control and oversight. Control CSR Department Coordinates Group CSR strategy in order to implement initiatives to achieve set targets, harmonize practices and perform regular monitoring. Coordinates implementation of CSR strategy with subsidiaries and business line teams. 5 FUNCTIONAL DEPARTMENTS: Finance Legal & Compliance Transformation (including IT) Business Development Operations (including HR) Identifying, analyzing, measuring and processing risk is the responsibility of the Group’s five main departments, which manage the risks within their remit on a daily basis. Risk management Human Resources Engagement and wellbeing at work Human rights Diversity and inclusion Ethics & Compliance Policy review and implementation Risks Non-financial risk mapping and monitoring IT Green IT Digital pollution Procurement Responsible procurement Finance Green financing Green investments and taxonomy Sales teams Client partnerships CSR ambassador network Oversees CSR program implementation and local compliance with Group policies, escalating the required information. CSR project teams Implement cross-functional action plans involving several business lines. 48 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 49 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Leadership and coordination Collaboration Governance

1 lead independent director 2 employee representative directors 64% independents * 64 average age 50% women * 8 nationalities represented 63% directors with foreign or dual nationality * Excluding directors representing the employees. CHANGES IN THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS In order to continue the evolution of its composition, the Board of Directors, at its meeting of February 16, 2023, decided to submit to the General Meeting of Shareholders of April 13, 2023 the renewals of Christobel Selecky, Angela Maria Sierra-Moreno and Jean Guez. To accompany this evolution, Robert Paszczak and Stephen Winningham have indicated their decision not to seek re-election as directors of the company. The board has therefore decided to propose the appointment of Varun Bery and Bhupender Singh to replace them*. These proposed appointments and renewals will complement and strengthen the expertise and skills already present on the Board and will enable the company to maintain a high level of independence and gender diversity. Composition of the Board of Directors Board of Directors profile as of December 31st, 2022 B OARD DIVERSITY POLICY Committed to diversity, increasingly international, predominantly independent. DIRECTORS’ SKILLS AND EXPERTISE An experienced and diversified Board of Directors to set the Group’s strategic guidelines C Chairman and CEO L Lead independent director I Independent director ⁕ Terms of office expiring in 2023 Dir ector representing the employees PRESENCE WITHIN THE BOARD 16 ADMINISTRATORS 2. 3. 4.1. 6. 7. 8.5. 10. 11. 12.9. 14. 15. 16.13. 11 1511 8 3 11 13 8 between 1 and 7 years between 7 and 12 years > 12 years 43.75% 43.75% 12.5% *See section 4.1.2.1. Composition of the Board of Directors of the 2022 Universal Registration Document 50 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 51 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Governance

Functioning of the Board BEHIND THE SCENES Interview with Evangelos Papadopoulos, Director representing the employees, T&S Contact Center Manager in Greece and member of the European Works Council. THE WORKS OF THE BOARD The Board of Directors meets at least once per quarter to discuss developments in the Company. The Board’s mission is to set the Group’s strategic guidelines and oversee their implementation in accordance with the Company’s interests, taking into account the social and environmental challenges inherent to its business. In 2022, its focus was on several priorities: - The c ompany's transformation and growth strategy, whether internal, or external via targeted acquisitions; - Human capi tal management, which is one of the group's key issues; - The situation in Ukraine and Russia; - Controversy management; - Data security and cybersecurity procedures. AUDIT, RISK AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE Mission Monitor issues relating to the preparation and control of financial and accounting information; facilitate the oversight work of the Board of Directors, anticipate potential problems and identify all risks. REMUNERATION AND APPOINTMENTS COMMITTEE Mission Issue recommendations regarding the determination of the short-term and long-term remuneration policy for executive officers and the review of succession plans and candidates for the Board of Directors. CSR COMMITTEE Mission Monitor issues relating to social and environmental responsibility, taking into account statutory and regulatory requirements and risks. THE BOARD IS ASSISTED BY THREE SPECIALIZED COMMITTEES 92% attendance rate 3 meetings 100% independent directors 3 meetings 67% A majority of independent directors 100% attendance rate 6 meetings 1 independent chairman 1 independent chairman 67% A majority of independent directors 1 independent chairman 3 members with specific expertise in finance, accounting and statutory auditing 100% attendance rate Alain Boulet Chairman, Independent Jean Guez Member Angela Maria Sierra-Moreno Chairman, Independent Pauline Ginestié Member, Independent Wai Ping Leung Member, Independent Christobel Selecky Member, Independent 96% Attendance rate 10 Meetings 1h45 Average meeting duration 1 Seminar dedicated to strategy I listen to all employees and bring their main expectations to the rest of the board. » Evangelos Papadopoulos Director representing the employees « Carole Toniutti Member, Independent Patrick Thomas Member, Independent Emily Abrera President, Independent Bernard Canetti Member Véronique de Jocas Member, Director representing the employees What is your role as a Director representing the employees? My role as a Director representing the employees is to take part in company strategic decisions, acquisitions and a multitude of important matters that take place globally at TP , ensuring the mutual interests of both shareholders and employees are met. This is done by listening to all employees, no matter their position in the company, and bringing to the rest of the board their main expectations. Every decision comes along with one simple question: “What would the impact of that decision be to the average TP worker?” . It is the essence of my role and it helps us make sustainable, ethical, and profitable choices. Which main topics were raised during Board meetings in 2022? Looking back on the year, the key highlight was the swift reaction of TP for our Ukrainian colleagues, where on the same day of the invasion, a clear plan of help was developed for our employees. To name a few actions, their salary remained intact regardless of operations being halted, their safety was assured daily, global support hotline was created, and assistance was provided on moving them or their family members to a border country where requested. Board activity in 2022 52 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 53 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Governance

Variable part* indexed to performance on key Group issues In-kind benefits (company car and health insurance) EBITA margin (excl. non- recurring items) 40% Implementation of Group Diversity & Inclusion Policy 5% Organic revenue growth 40% Employee engagement and satisfaction 15% Financial criteria 80% Non-financial criteria 20% Long-term remuneration (performance shares) Performance criteria measured over 3 years Fixed part Fixed part takes into account the position, level of responsibility, experience, recognized technical skills and leadership of the person concerned. * No additional or ex ceptional remuneration in case of outperformance. *Full-time equivalent (FTE). For 2023 The Board wished to strengthen the weight of the CSR criteria, particularly in social matters, in the annual variable part with the introduction of 1) a measure of the trust index and 2) a criterion relating to the attrition rate, as well as in the long-term remuneration with the introduction of a performance measure on internal promotions. In line with its materiality matrix, Teleperformance places its employees at the heart of its model and wished to combine satisfaction and trust measures piloted annually with a measure reflecting its promotion and retention actions over the long term. The reduction of carbon footprint, in line with the commitments made to the Science- Based Targets initiative, is also included in the long-term remuneration for the 2023-2025 plan. Remuneration of executive officers Executive officer remuneration complies with the most stringent standards of governance. Clear and transparent, it is aligned with Group strategy and shareholder interests. It is based on both financial and non-financial criteria and short-term and long-term objectives 8 MEMBERS 30% women 53 years average age 13 nationalities 12 years average length of service in Group Miranda Collard Global Chief Client Officer Agustin Grisanti Chief Operating Officer Éric Dupuy Group Chief Business Development Officer Scott Klein President of Specialized Services Bhupender Singh President of Group Transformation Leigh Ryan Group Chief Legal, Compliance and Privacy Officer Olivier Rigaudy Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer Executive officer Daniel Julien Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Executive officer Composition of the Management Committee An agile and expert management team 25 KEY GROUP MANAGERS Human capital, research and development, data security, technology, operations, transformation, business development, finance MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE The Management Committee is composed of all Executive Committee members and key Group operational and functional managers TOP 800 This committee is composed of the Management Committee and 800 high-potential Group managers representing a wide range of departments and regions. This ecosystem helps accelerate Group transformation and spread strategic orientations. Remuneration policy for executive officers in 2022 The annual global remuneration package is equally composed of a fixed part and a variable part. For 2022 Upon recommendation of its Remuneration and Appointments Committee, the Board decided to maintain the principles of executive officer remuneration as approved by the shareholders' meeting held on April, 14 th 2022. 54 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 55 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Governance

* The annual variable part awarded to executive officers is conditional on the achievement of these strategic objectives. (1) Formerly T.A.P .TM (2) Full-time equivalent. INTEGRATED PERFORMANCE DASHBOARD ROBUST AND RESPONSIBLE GROWTH In 2022, revenue rose by almost +15% as reported to reach 8,154 million euros, representing recurring organic like-for-like growth of +12.5% (excluding Covid contracts). Recurring EBITA reached 1,262 million euros, an increase of 17.8% vs. 2021, i.e. a margin of 15.5%, in line with the objectives revised upwards at the end of the year. The group maintains its BBB debt rating by S&P , the best rating in the sector. Integrated and sustainable performance Key performance indicators Risks and material topics 2020 2021 2022 Progress Target SDGs A preferred employer First job opportunities Impact on local employment 84,780 124,300 125,100 Be a driver of youth employment Employees working at a subsidiary certified as a best employer Employee engagement Wellbeing at work Working conditions Employee-manager relations 87% 98% 97.3% Maintain more than 90% Trust Index score from GPTW® survey Employee engagement Wellbeing at work Working conditions Employee-manager relations NA 79% 79% More than 70% (threshold to be GPTW certified is 65%) Training hours per employee Training and career development 137 173 166 Provide continuous training opportunities to all employees Employees trained on Health & Safety policy Health and Safety 76% 95% 94% >90% Absenteeism Health and Safety 5.2% 3.9% 4.2% <5% Percentage of women in management positions Diversity & inclusion 44.8% 46.9% 47.8% Maintain gender balance, >45% Percentage of women in the Group's Executive Committee Diversity & inclusion 25% 25% 25% 30% by 2023 A trusted partner Employees trained on Code of Conduct Ethics and compliance 86% 97% 95% >90% Footprint where Global Ethics hotline has been rolled out Ethics and compliance 100% 100% 100% 100% Employees trained on Privacy and Data security Data privacy Data security and cybersecurity 87% 97% 96% >90% Percentage of sites which are ISO 27701 certified Data privacy Data security and cybersecurity NA 100% 100% 100% Digital solutions, Analytics and Process Excellence experts (TP Digital) (1) Innovation and digitalization 700 1,500 2,000 Accelerate the Group's transformation Force of Good Reduction of Scopes 1 & 2 GHG emissions per FTE (2) vs. 2019 baseline (tons CO2e) Climate change -37% -44% -49% -49% per FTE from 2019 to 2026 Share of Renewable energy out of total electricity consumption Climate change 17% 21% 28% 25% by 2023, 30% by 2026 Donations raised by Citizen of the World (€M) Impact on local communities 5,1 6,3 11 More than €7m annually level 1 : Needs to accelerate level 2 : On target level 3 : Exceeds target Revenue breakdown by activity and region in 2022 vs 2021 (€M) 20222021 820 1,358 2,898 2,039 8,154 7,115 1,165 2,657 1,653 2,679 Core services & Digital Integrated Business Services Specialized Services LATAM: region including countries in Latin America Europe & MEA (EMEA): Europe including UK, Middle East, and Africa North America & Asia Pacific: region including North America, Asia Pacific countries and India 56 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 57 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Performance

Teleperformance was recognized as the Global Leader in Customer Experience Management (CXM) and in Work-at-home Customer Experience Management (WAHA) by Everest Group. In 2022, Teleperformance was named top 100 Global Outsourcing Service Provider and Impact Sourcing Champion by the IAOP ® (International Association of Outsourcing Professionals®). Recognized as a global top 25 best employer by Fortune and Great Place to Work ®. 64 countries have obtained Great Place to Work® certification. Verego Social Responsibility Standard Enterprise-wide Social Responsibility Standard (SRS) certification obtained for the 9th time in a row in five areas covering all facilities. EcoVadis renewed its gold medal award to TP France, and awarded a silver medal to TP Portugal and a bronze medal to TP Italy. ESG ratings agency MSCI AA rating, in the first 25% of its sector. Included in the Euronext Moody's Vigeo Eurozone 120 Index since December 2015. 2022 Enlightened Growth Leadership Award TP recognized by Frost & Sullivan for its sustained and concerted efforts to innovate and develop in a sustainable manner. ISS ESG awards the “Prime” badge to Teleperformance, which rewards the best-performing companies. Teleperformance received independent assurance from Bureau Veritas regarding use and inclusion of Internation Standard ISO 26000 guidelines in seven countries (Colombia, Greece, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Portugal and the United States), covering all countries with significant Trust & Safety operations. Score of C Score aligned with the companies average of its sector. The CDP is a non-profit organization that assesses performance in terms of sustainable development and measures to increase transparency with regard to environmental data. TP France, Tunisia, Morocco and Madagascar were awarded the “Engagé RSE” label by AFNOR in recognition of their commitment to environmental, social and governance issues (ESG) in the eyes of their stakeholders. Many internal and external stakeholders were involved in the certification process. In particular, they praised the robustness of the Group’s CSR policy, the incorporation of ESG considerations into strategy, exemplary HR practices, diversity within the company, the strong involvement of local economic and social stakeholders, the commitment to measuring the environmental impact of each project, and the excellent economic performances achieved despite the crisis. Included in S&P Global's 2023 Sustainability Yearbook. TP is ranked among the top 14% of companies in its sector. A recognized model Teleperformance has received numerous awards for market leadership and world-class services in the industry, as well as for HR development strategy, data security and innovation capacity, and commitment to social and environmental responsibility. Additional information This document is Teleperformance’s fourth integrated report setting out the Group’s long-term value creation model. This report was prepared by the Teleperformance CSR department with the support of key departments and executive management. It was presented and approved by the Board of Directors on February 16 th, 2022. It is based on ongoing dialog between Group stakeholders, including employees, clients, partners, shareholders and local communities. The information has been verified by KPMG as the independent third-party body. The report by one of the Statutory Auditors on the consolidated declaration of non-financial performance included in the management report may be found in section 3.9 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document. The Group is committed to incorporating best practices by progressively adopting the major reporting guidelines on sustainability. The information contained in this report covers the 2022 financial year from January 1 st to December 31 st, 2022, unless specified otherwise. The GRI and SASB detailed reporting protocol and content indexes, which provide an overview of the important sustainability information contained in the integrated report and other public documentation, are available in section 2.8 of the Universal Registration Document. INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Presents Teleperformance’s value-creation model for all its stakeholders. 2022 TELEPERFORMANCE PUBLICATIONS UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT 2022 Includes the financial report and non- financial performance declaration. Teleperformance's enhanced Communication on Progress in implementing the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact and supporting broader UN goals is available on the UN Global Compact online portal. This document is printed on paper from sustainably managed forests. Design and production: Tel.: +33 (0)1 55 32 29 7 4. Photo credits: cover page: Madstudios; inner pages: Madstudios; Catia Barbosa; 2021 Anton Vierietin/Shutterstock; Edouard Jacquinet; Master1305/ Shutterstock; 2021 Pressmaster/Shutterstock; Prostock-studio/Shutterstock; 2015 S_L/Shutterstock; Tayeb Amghar/Pholaft; Grisha Bruev/Shutterstock; Philippe Cheneau; Nameer Rattansi. Illustrations: Teleperformance. Simpler. Faster. Safer. 2022 Integrated report Teleperformance SE European Company (Societas Europaea) with a share capital of €147,802,105 RCS number 301 292 702 Paris 21/25 rue Balzac - 75008 Paris - France Tel.: +33 1 53 83 59 0 Follow us /teleperformanceglobal @teleperformance /teleperformance https://teleperformance.com/en-us/insights/blog /company/teleperformance @teleperformance_group TELE_COUV_RI_2022_UK.indd 1-3TELE_COUV_RI_2022_UK.indd 1-3 08/03/2023 17:4308/03/2023 17:43 Simpler. Faster. Safer. Universal registration document 2022 including the annual ﬁ nancial report GRI MATERIALITY-Reporting, an ESG reporting consultancy – expert in GRI standards, has reviewed the compliance of the GRI content index as well as all references listed in the sustainability reporting statement (2022 URD). The contents are in alignment with the principles and reporting requirements of the GRI:2021 standards. SASB Teleperformance supports the SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) standard specific to its sector, Commercial Services. TCFD Teleperformance applies the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in the area of environmental reporting, as included in section 3.6 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document. 59TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 202258 TELEPERFORMANCE — INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 Performance

Teleperformance SE European Company (Societas Europaea) with a share capital of €147,802,105 RCS number 301 292 702 Paris 21/25 rue Balzac - 75008 Paris - France Tel.: +33 1 53 83 59 0 Follow us