EX-99.1
2
tm258848d1_ex99-1.htm
EXHIBIT 99.1
Exhibit 99.1
News Release
Axcelis Announces $100 Million Increase to
Share Repurchase Authorization
BEVERLY, Mass.— Mar. 12, 2025—
Axcelis
Technologies
, Inc. (Nasdaq: ACLS) a leading supplier of enabling ion implantation solutions for the semiconductor industry, announced
today that its Board of Directors has approved an additional $100 million in share repurchase authorization. This approval brings the
current outstanding repurchase authorization to $215 million.
“Axcelis has maintained a strong cash position
supported by solid execution over the past several years. This increased share repurchase authorization reflects our confidence in the
attractive long-term fundamentals of our business. We intend to use this authorization to increase the quarterly level of our share repurchase
activity going forward, while continuing to maintain a strong balance sheet." said Russell Low, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Any decision to repurchase shares will be subject
to market conditions and other factors, including legal and regulatory restrictions and required approvals, up to the aggregate amount
authorized by the Board. Repurchases of the Company's common stock may be made from time to time under the SEC's Rule 10b-18. These shares
may be purchased in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company may from time to time enter into Rule 10b5-1
trading plans to facilitate the repurchase of its common stock pursuant to its share repurchase program. The Company has no obligation
to repurchase shares under the authorization. The Company may suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time.
Safe Harbor
Statement
Statements made
in this press release that are not of known historical fact are forward-looking statements and are subject to the safe harbor provisions
created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements, which include our plans to execute a share repurchase
program, are based on management's current expectations and should be viewed with caution. They are subject to various risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the continuing strength
of our financial position and ability to make share repurchases, as well as the other risks and uncertainties that are described in the
documents filed or furnished by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including specifically the risk factors described in
our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. The Company undertakes no obligation to update the information
or statements made in this press release.
News Release
About Axcelis:
Axcelis (Nasdaq: ACLS), headquartered in Beverly,
Mass., has been providing innovative, high-productivity solutions for the semiconductor industry for over 45 years. Axcelis is dedicated
to developing enabling process applications through the design, manufacture and complete life cycle support of ion implantation systems,
one of the most critical and enabling steps in the IC manufacturing process. Learn more about Axcelis at www.axcelis.com.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations Contact:
David Ryzhik
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy
Telephone: (978) 787-2352
Email:
David.Ryzhik@axcelis.com
Press/Media Relations Contact:
Maureen Hart
Senior Director, Corporate & Marketing Communications
Telephone: (978) 787-4266
Email:
Maureen.Hart@axcelis.com