DRS/A
1
filename1.htm
DRS/A
Table of Contents
Confidential Draft No. 3 as confidentially submitted to the Securities and Exchange
Commission on May 4, 2021.
This draft registration statement has not been publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and all information herein remains strictly confidential.
Registration
No. 333-
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM F-1
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
State of Israel
7370
Not Applicable
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)
(Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number)
(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)
Tremor International Ltd.
Hashmonaim 121, 2nd Floor
Tel Aviv, 6713328, Israel
+972-3-545-3900
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices)
Puglisi & Associates
850 Library Avenue, Suite 204
Newark, DE 19711
(302)-738-6680
(Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
Copies to
:
Joshua G. Kiernan
M. Ryan Benedict
Latham & Watkins LLP
99 Bishopsgate
London, EC2M 3XF
United Kingdom
Tel: +44.20.7710.1000
Fax: +44.20.7374.4460
Tuvia J. Geffen
Naschitz, Brandes,
Amir & Co., Advocates
5 Tuval Street
Tel Aviv, 6789717, Israel
Tel:
+972-3-623-5000
Fax:
+972-3-623-5005
David J. Goldschmidt
Yossi Vebman
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
One Manhattan West
New York, New York 10001
Tel:
(212) 735-3000
Fax:
(212) 735-2000
Aaron M. Lampert
Goldfarb Seligman & Co.
Ampa Tower
98 Yigal Alon
Street
Tel Aviv 6789141, Israel
Tel:
+972-3-608-9999
Fax:
+972-3-608-9909
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:
As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement.
If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, check the following box.  ☐
If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  ☐
If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  ☐
If
this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering.  ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933. Emerging growth company  ☒
If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act.  ☐
CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
Title of Each Class of
Securities to be Registered(1)
Proposed
Maximum
Aggregate
Offering Price (2)(3)
Amount of
Registration Fee
Ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.01
$
$
(1)
American depositary shares (“ADSs”) issuable upon deposit of the ordinary shares registered hereby
will be registered under a separate registration statement on Form
F-6.
Each ADS represents                ordinary shares.
(2)
Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
(3)
Includes the aggregate offering price of additional ordinary shares, represented by ADSs, that the
underwriters have the option to purchase.
The registrant
hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become
effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.
Table of Contents
The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may
be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these
securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED
, 2021
PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS
American Depositary Shares
Representing
Ordinary Shares
This is the initial public offering of Tremor International Ltd. in the United States. We are offering American Depositary
Shares (“ADSs”) with each ADS representing the right to receive                  ordinary shares. We intend to apply to have our ADSs listed on
under the symbol “TRMR.”
Our ordinary shares trade on AIM, a market of the London Stock Exchange, under the symbol “TRMR.” On
, 2021, the last reported sale price of our ordinary shares on AIM was £
per ordinary shares (equivalent to $             per ADS based on an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to $1.            ).
We are both an “emerging growth company” and a “foreign private issuer” as defined under the U.S.
federal securities laws and, as such, may elect to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements. See “
Summary—Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Foreign Private Issuer
.”
Per ADS
Total
Public offering price
$
$
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1)
$
$
Proceeds to us (before expenses)
$
$
(1)
We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses in connection with this offering. See
“
Underwriting
” for additional information regarding underwriter compensation.
We have
granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to                  additional ADSs from us at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions,
within 30 days from the date of this prospectus.
Investing in our ADSs involves risks. See “
Risk Factors
” beginning on page 18 to read about factors you
should consider before purchasing any of our ADSs.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
The underwriters expect to deliver the ADSs to purchasers on or
about                , 2021.
RBC Capital Markets
Stifel
Prospectus dated                 , 2021
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
About This Prospectus
iii
Basis of Presentation
iii
Market and Industry Data
iv
Trademarks
iv
Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data
14
Risk Factors
18
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
48
Use Of Proceeds
50
Dividend Policy
51
Capitalization
52
Dilution
53
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations
55
Business
76
Management
89
Principal Shareholders
105
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
107
Description of Share Capital and Articles of Association
108
Description of American Depositary Shares
116
Shares Eligible For Future Sale
117
Taxation
119
Underwriting
127
Expenses of the Offering
133
Legal Matters
134
Experts
135
Enforceability of Civil Liabilities
136
Where You Can Find Additional Information
138
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
F-1
Neither we nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or to make
any representation other than those contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf. Neither we nor the underwriters take any responsibility for, and
neither we nor the underwriters can provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any information other than the information in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus and any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on
our behalf. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor the sale of our ADSs means that information contained in this prospectus is correct after the date of this prospectus. This prospectus is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy these ADSs in any circumstances under which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.
The ADSs offered by this
prospectus have not been approved or disapproved by the Israel Securities Authority (the “ISA”), nor have such ADSs been registered for sale in Israel. The ADSs may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Israel,
absent the publication of a prospectus that has been approved by the ISA.
For investors outside the United States:
Neither we nor any of the underwriters have taken any action that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. You are
required to inform yourselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to this offering and the distribution of this prospectus.
i
Table of Contents
Through and
including            , 2021 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that effect transactions in the ADSs, whether or not participating in this offering, may be
required to deliver a prospectus. This in addition to the dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
ii
Table of Contents
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS
As used in this prospectus, except where the context otherwise requires or where otherwise indicated, references to
“Tremor,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company,” “our business” and similar references refer to Tremor International Ltd., together with its consolidated subsidiaries as
a consolidated entity.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). We present our consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars. Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity,
which had been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies,
Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
Our fiscal year ends on December 31 of each year.
Certain monetary amounts, percentages and other figures included elsewhere in this prospectus have been subject to rounding
adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables or charts may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them, and figures expressed as percentages in the text may not total 100% or, as applicable, when
aggregated may not be the arithmetic aggregation of the percentages that precede them.
Throughout this prospectus, we
provide a number of key performance indicators used by our management and often used by others in our industry. These and other key performance indicators are discussed in more detail in the section entitled “
Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Performance Indicators and Other Operating Metrics
.” We define these key performance indicators as follows:
•
CTV revenue is revenue derived from Connected TV devices.
•
Video revenue is revenue derived from video format ads on all devices.
•
Net revenue is defined as our revenue calculated on a net basis by excluding the media cost for both
Programmatic and Performance activities.
•
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as total comprehensive income for the period adjusted for foreign currency
translation differences for foreign operations, financing expenses, net, tax benefit, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, restructuring and acquisition-related costs and other expenses (income), net.
•
Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenue.
•
An active customer is defined as an advertiser, agency, trading desk or third-party DSP that has used our
platform within a trailing 365 day period.
•
An active publisher is defined as a publisher or third-party SSP that has used our platform within a trailing
365 day period.
•
A unique user is defined as an unduplicated visitor to a publisher’s site connected to our platform from
both direct and third-party sites in a one month period and “unique users” is the total number of unduplicated visitors to a publisher’s site connected to our platform from both direct and third-party sites in a one month period. When
a user visits a publisher’s site that is connected to our platform, we receive the request along with a field that holds a unique ID number that identifies the source from which the request came, and as such “unique users” is a
summation of unique ID numbers to produce a total of unduplicated visitors to publishers’ sites connected to our platform.
iii
Table of Contents
•
Net revenue retention rate is defined as net revenue generated in the year ended December 31, 2020 from the
customers who were existing customers as of December 31, 2019 as a percentage of the net revenue generated in the year ended December 31, 2019 from the same group of customers. We consider all of our revenue to be recurring.
MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA
Unless otherwise indicated, information in this prospectus concerning economic conditions, our industry, our markets and our
competitive position is based on a variety of sources, including information from independent industry analysts and publications, as well as our own estimates and research.
Our estimates are derived from publicly available information released by third-party sources, as well as data from our
internal research, which we believe to be reasonable. None of the independent industry publications used in this prospectus were prepared on our behalf.
Certain estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth included in this prospectus may prove to be inaccurate.
The estimates and forecasts in this prospectus relating to the size of our target market, market demand and adoption, capacity to address this demand and pricing may prove to be inaccurate. The addressable market we estimate may not materialize for
many years, if ever, and even if the markets in which we compete meet the size estimates in this prospectus, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all.
Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and
uncertainties as the other forward-looking statements in this prospectus. See “
Risk Factors
” and “
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
.”
TRADEMARKS
We or our licensors have proprietary rights to trademarks, copyrights, trade names or service marks used in this
prospectus that are important to our business, many of which are registered under the applicable intellectual property laws. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this prospectus may appear without the
“
®
” or “
™
” symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the
fullest extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. This prospectus also contains trademarks, copyrights, tradenames and service marks of other
companies, which are the property of their respective owners. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trademarks, copyrights, trade names or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any
other companies. Each trademark, copyright, trade name or service mark of any other company appearing in this prospectus is the property of its respective holder.
iv
Table of Contents
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY
The following summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain
all the information you should consider before investing in our ADSs. You should carefully read this prospectus in its entirety before investing in our ADSs, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Some of the statements in this prospectus constitute forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”
Our Mission
Our mission is to create an efficient automated marketplace for advertisers and publishers, utilizing advanced data
driven technology, to enable the delivery of impactful brand stories to relevant audiences across the globe.
Overview
We are a global company offering an
end-to-end
software platform that enables advertisers to reach relevant audiences and publishers to maximize yield on their digital advertising inventory. We use our proprietary technology to deliver impactful brand stories to target audiences through digital
ad technology and advanced audience data. Our omni-channel capabilities deliver global advertising campaigns across all formats and channels, with an expertise in video format ads on all devices (“Video”) and Connected TV
(“CTV”).
We believe there is a significant market opportunity within the approximately $340 billion global
digital advertising market that is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 12.4% through 2024, according to eMarketer. Digital publishers rely on advertising to support their businesses and brands, and advertisers use
this medium to capture uniquely targeted and viewable impressions. We believe the digital advertising market remains fragmented and that our full service
end-to-end
software platform and vast expertise within Video and CTV puts us in a strong position to continue to increase our market share from traditional ad sales channels.
We believe that we are positioned to benefit from several trends in the evolving advertising ecosystem, including the
proliferation of digital media consumption, adoption of programmatic advertising, a growing focus on premium formats such as Video and CTV, and the increasing sophistication of the overall digital landscape. We address the broad and evolving digital
advertising market through our three core offerings, including a proprietary demand-side platform (“DSP”) solution that advertisers leverage to manage digital advertising campaigns, a proprietary supply-side platform (“SSP”)
solution that publishers leverage to optimally monetize digital inventory and a proprietary data management platform (“DMP”) solution which is integrated with both our DSP and SSP solutions. Our versatile DMP solution benefits from vast
amounts of data and provides optimal campaign recommendations for audience sets by employing advanced machine learning algorithms. The contextualization of the data synthesized by our DMP solution provides our advertisers with a comprehensive,
personalized view of audiences, enabling more effective targeting across formats and devices and optimizes the monetization of publisher inventory. By combining these three proprietary solutions as well as integrations with industry leading
partners, we provide an
end-to-end
software platform that is dynamic and flexible to our customers’ needs, which enables us to address more digital ad spend.
1
Table of Contents
Our customers are both ad buyers, including brands and agencies, and digital
publishers. Our platform includes a diversified customer base of approximately 900 active customers and 1,450 active publishers with approximately 800 million unique users for the month ended March 31, 2021, which serves advertisements in
over 100 countries.
We generate revenue through platform fees that are tailored to fit the customer’s
specific utilization of our solutions and include (i) a percentage of spend, (ii) flat fees and (iii) fixed costs per mille (“CPM”). CPM refers to a payment option in which customers pay a price for every 1,000 impressions
an ad receives.
The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States. In the six months ended December 31,
2020, our CTV advertising gross revenue grew 144% from the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 137% from the six months ended December 31, 2019. In the year ended December 31, 2020, CTV advertising net revenue increased 164% year-over-year
from the year ended December 31, 2019 on a comparable net basis. CTV net revenue comprised 21% of net revenue in the six months ended December 31, 2020, leading to net revenue growth of 104% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020,
and 37% from the six months ended December 31, 2019, and CTV net revenue comprised 20% of net revenue in the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 12% growth year-over-year from the year ended December 31, 2019. We generated
$184 million and $164 million in net revenue in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing 12% growth year-over-year, partially due to an the impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic for the six months ended June 30, 2020.
Our total comprehensive income for the six months ended
December 31, 2020 increased $62.3 million from the equivalent figure for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and represented a 211% year-over-year increase as compared to our total comprehensive income for the six months ended December 31, 2019. We
generated $5.0 million and $6.3 million in total comprehensive income in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2020 increased approximately 32 times from the
equivalent figure for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and represented a 51% year-over-year increase as compared to our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2019. Additionally, we generated $60.5 million and
$60.4 million in Adjusted EBITDA in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, resulting in a cash position of $97 million as of December 31, 2020.
2
Table of Contents
Our Industry
We operate in the digital advertising industry, which is a core pillar of monetizing digital properties accessible by the
Internet. We specialize in digital video advertising, which collectively comprises 78% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020, across mobile video, desktop video and CTV.
We believe the key industry trends shaping the digital advertising market include:
Continued Growth of Digital Media Consumption
Audiences continue to spend an increasing amount of time online for social, business and purchasing needs. We believe that the
COVID-19
pandemic and the subsequent work-from-home and
shelter-in-place
orders accelerated the adoption of numerous traditionally
offline activities to be conducted online, including telehealth, fitness classes, food delivery and
e-commerce.
As consumers continue to spend more time online for everyday activities, we believe that brands
and advertisers will increasingly allocate ad budgets to where the audiences are. According to eMarketer, more than a third of the day is expected to be spent on digital media consumption by 2022. This mass of digital consumption is happening across
all devices, including mobile, desktop, tablet and CTV. These trends will further increase both the supply and demand of available ad impressions that can be monetized programmatically.
Shift to Programmatic Advertising
Programmatic advertising is the use of software and algorithms to match buyers and sellers of digital advertising in a
technology-driven marketplace. The transactions are executed in milliseconds and do not require the manual labor of execution. It is becoming increasingly prominent in the digital advertising industry, as publishers and advertisers prefer that their
bids/asks for digital ad inventory be completed in an easy, efficient, and automated manner. Additional advantages of programmatic advertising include enhanced audience targeting, attribution, measurement as well as improved customized campaign
management workflow solutions. According to eMarketer, programmatic advertising is expected to increase from $106 billion in 2019 to $147 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 18%.
Data Driven Decision Making
As the digital media industry grows, increased consumer engagement by audiences has created vast amounts of data and behavioral
insights that can be harnessed to maximize return on investment (“ROI”) for advertisers and optimize the monetization of digital inventory for publishers. These insights include industry compliant anonymized data sets relating to consumer
interests, preferences and intent, as well as auction data of advertising bid requests. Technology solutions must efficiently and effectively digest, analyze and process an ever increasing amount of data seamlessly while navigating the increased
requirements of regulatory challenges and audience protection.
Consumer Privacy and Regulatory Concerns
Over the last few years, there has been increased scrutiny concerning consumer data and the ways in which that data is being
used in connection with ad targeting. Globally and locally, new legislation has been introduced and enforced that requires new industry rules and standards. Some of these regulations include the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”),
the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the forthcoming California Privacy Rights Act (the “CPRA”), and Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”). Additionally, web browsers such as Safari and
Firefox have also removed third-party cookies. These rules and regulations require all constituents within digital advertising to consistently adapt and evolve.
3
Table of Contents
Our Market Opportunity
We believe that we are well positioned to capture the fastest growing and next wave of digital advertising, such as Video,
including CTV, which reflects 78% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Global digital
advertising spend is forecast to be $455 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow 11.4% per year to $700 billion by 2025, according to eMarketer. As advertisers follow audiences to next-generation mediums, digital advertising channels are
expected to outpace growth of total global media ad spend. The increased Internet bandwidth in developing countries is acting as an additional tailwind, and the increasing proliferation of next-generation cellular technology in developed countries
is driving video viewership. We believe these trends will amplify full-screen video usage, which has long been the preferred choice of advertisers. We expect these long-term, systemic shifts will enable us to grow at a faster rate compared to the
broader digital advertising market.
Global Digital Advertising Spending
1
(US$ bn)
Digital Video and CTV Advertising
We are addressing the fastest growing areas within digital advertising, Video and CTV, which are expected to grow at an
accelerated rate compared to other formats. In the United States, where the majority of our revenue is generated, the growth rates and adoption of Video and CTV are expected to be even higher. According to eMarketer, U.S. CTV ad spend is projected
to grow at a CAGR of 19.6% from 2021 to 2025, reaching $27.5 billion. U.S. Video ad spend is projected to grow at a CAGR of 15.5% from 2021 to 2025, reaching $98.5 billion. Additionally, the number of digital video viewers worldwide is
expected to reach 3.47 billion people by 2024.
Linear TV budgets are also shifting towards digital video and
CTV, further driving demand for these premium ad formats. These overarching market trends underpin our strategic shift to focus on these segments of digital advertising, which given the proliferation of smart TVs and the increasing number of
streaming providers, will remain an exciting growth segment.
1
eMarketer, March 2021.
4
Table of Contents
Mobile Advertising
The number of consumers with smart phones and high speed internet quality are expected to continue rising, which will make
mobile advertising a prominent channel within digital. According to eMarketer, U.S. mobile ad spend is projected to grow at a CAGR of 12.4% from 2021 to 2025, reaching $208 billion.
Our Role in the Digital Advertising Ecosystem
Advertisers and Agencies
Spending begins with advertisers, who often engage advertising agencies to help plan and execute their advertising campaigns.
To better control and optimize their advertising operations, advertisers and agencies are consolidating spend with fewer, larger technology platform providers who can deliver transparency and ensure the highest level of inventory quality and
control. These advertisers and agencies access our platform through Tremor Video and third-party DSPs. We believe our
end-to-end
technology platform and direct
relationships with advertisers and agencies will lead to significant consolidation of spend onto our platform.
Demand Side
Platforms (“DSP”)
Advertisers and agencies often engage DSPs, which serve as advertising demand
aggregators, to execute their digital marketing campaigns across various ad formats. We offer both full-service and self-managed options through our DSP, enabling highly customized and robust campaigns. We are also integrated with the leading DSPs
globally, such as The Trade Desk and Google DV360, enabling customers to execute real-time transactions with our publisher clients.
Supply Side Platforms (“SSP”)
SSPs such as ours are designed to monetize digital inventory for publishers and app developers by enabling their content to
have the necessary software code and requirements for programmatic integration. Buyers and sellers come together through our marketplace to monetize, target, and purchase available digital advertising inventory. Our platform rapidly and efficiently
processes significant volumes of advertising bid information, providing a seamless digital experience for our customers. Traditionally, SSPs have focused exclusively on the needs of sellers in this process and have limited their interactions with
buyers to the buyer’s agent, the DSP. As buyers have sought greater control of their advertising supply chains, we have extended the capabilities of our specialized software platform over the last several years to serve the needs of advertisers
and agencies.
Publishers and Content Providers
Digital publishers and app developers create websites, digital content and applications that contain content/mediums for
consumption for users, along with adjacent viewable space for digital advertisements. As consumers navigate these websites and apps, individual ad impressions are presented to them across different formats/channels. These impressions are typically
sold to advertisers and agencies programmatically, in real-time via a third-party technology infrastructure platform or SSP solution. Publishers and app developers rely on advertising revenue as the key driver for their businesses and depend on the
capabilities of these third parties in order to achieve optimal yield for their advertising inventory. As of December 31, 2020, we served approximately 1,450 active publishers worldwide on our platform, consisting of 21,000 active sites and
apps that we have direct access to publish an ad for our customers.
5
Table of Contents
Our Strengths
We believe the following attributes and capabilities provide us with long-term competitive advantages:
Established Expertise in Video and CTV
We believe Video, including CTV and mobile video are the fastest growing segments of digital advertising, and they constitute
78% of our total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 (83% for the three months ended December 31, 2020) and 89% of our revenue without mobile-based performance activity for the year ended December 31, 2020 (91% for the
three months ended December 31, 2020).
We were one of the first movers in the digital video advertising and CTV markets, giving us early traction and recognition as a leader in the space. Our platform was intentionally built as an
end-to-end
video campaign delivery solution.
End-to-End
Platform with Proprietary Technology
We leverage our advanced technology stack to enable advertisers and publishers to maximize their ROI, while optimizing the path
between audiences and brands by leveraging our proprietary data sets. We believe we have a competitive advantage by overseeing the entire ecosystem through our proprietary data, unique demand and supply sources and access to premium vendors. As a
technology first solution, we have the flexibility of an agnostic platform capable of integrating with different third-party sources to service our customers.
Scale and Reach on the Audience, Advertiser and Publisher
Our platform currently accommodates over 100 billion daily ad requests, approximately 500 terabytes of daily data,
approximately 250 million daily ad impressions and more than 100 million daily unique sites or apps. This gives us
scale with publishers and provides access to direct and exclusive supply of premium advertising inventory, which
allows for our advertising customers to avoid intermediaries and reduce costs. Operating an
end-to-end
platform enables us to minimize the loss of scale typically seen
when two independent platforms are user-syncing with each other. This helps us maintain high scalability on buying strategies leveraging audience targeting.
Robust Data Set Fully Integrated Into and Generated by Our Platform
Our proprietary DMP is a flexible platform that can be easily integrated across various campaigns and formats. Our DMP
leverages first-party data and third-party partnerships to identify and reach curated audiences, benefiting both our advertising and publisher customers. Our platform provides artificial intelligence in the form of machine learning algorithms and
statistical models to aggregate and analyze vast amounts of data and contextualizes it into easily usable action items, which can be used across campaigns in real-time.
Our machine learning algorithms enable us to process millions of requests per second which supports several of the
optimization and prediction models in our platform including invalid traffic monitoring, viewability, queries per second, bidding and pricing models. These machine learning capabilities help our customers achieve their key performance indicators,
optimize cost of media and protect against invalid traffic. Additionally, our DMP utilizes machine learning algorithms to build and expand segments in real time.
Management Team of Industry Veterans with Extensive Expertise
Our senior management has an extensive background in the advertising technology industry, which we believe gives us a
competitive advantage. We have vast experience in acquiring synergistic businesses and a strong track record of integrating successful acquisitions, further driving growth and profitability.
6
Table of Contents
Profitable Business Model
We have been Adjusted EBITDA profitable since 2014 and continue to improve our cost structure. As of the year ended
December 31, 2020, our net profit margin was 2% and our Adjusted EBITDA margin was 33%. Our structural cost advantages enable us to continuously invest in driving innovation, while delivering both top line revenue growth and profitability.
Our Growth Strategy
We believe that programmatic advertising is still an underpenetrated market that will experience robust growth over the next
decade as ad budgets continue to shift to digital and digital continues to shift towards programmatic execution. We intend to capitalize on these secular trends by pursuing growth opportunities that include:
Focus on Core Areas of Growth in Video and CTV
CTV is the fastest growth format within digital advertising, and this trend is expected to continue over the next several years
according to eMarketer. In the United States, CTV ad spend is expected to grow at a CAGR of 22.5% from 2020 to 2024, and Video is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18.1%, reaching $69.3 billion by 2024. Digital video and CTV comprise 79% of our
revenue without mobile-based performance activity for the year ended December 31, 2020, and has been a core focus for us since inception. We plan to leverage our existing expertise in Video and CTV to increase our market share and introduce new
technologies and solutions.
Introduce New Products and Invest in our Technology Stack
As we grow our market share and add new customers, we continue to invest in our technology stack and develop new innovative
products. We are continuously trying to introduce new innovative solutions and products to the rapidly evolving digital advertising market. Some potential areas of growth and investment include enhancing our proprietary data sets, enhancing our CTV
solution capabilities and marketplace, audience targeting, expanding our alternative identifier solutions and enhancing our global platform coverage capabilities.
We are providing customers with creative alternatives to plan and execute their campaigns giving them complimentary scale and
opportunities to enhance current audience targeting strategies. For example, we offer, and will continue to enhance, contextual targeting solutions from content data collected via our publisher partnerships as well as third-party solutions
integrated into our ecosystem.
There is market movement away from cookie-based tracking which has created an increase in
demand for alternate solutions. We have partnerships, and are integrating, with major alternative identifier solutions such as IdentityLink and Unified ID 2.0. We are committed to helping define and support new privacy requirements and identifier
mechanisms as the industry standards evolve. We believe that not everyone in the industry will adopt a single solution alternative to cookie-based tracking and we are building our platform to support various identifier solutions.
Strengthen Our Relationship with Existing Customers
We are constantly improving functionality on our platform to attract new customers and encourage our existing customer base to
allocate more of their ad spend and ad inventory to our platform. We believe as programmatic gains more widespread adoption and brands and publishers continue to focus on Video and CTV, we are strongly positioned to increase our customer base and
generate additional revenue from existing customers.
7
Table of Contents
Expand Our International Footprint and United States Market Share
We continue to acquire new publishers and advertisers globally and invest in expanding our global footprint, providing
significant global demand and supply of digital ad impressions across all channels and formats. We will continue to invest in third-party integrations, maintaining and enhancing our platform’s flexibility. We are leveraging our existing
technology stack to provide innovative solutions to new and existing customers regardless of location or platform. We consistently innovate and develop new tools and products that enable our customers to maximize their benefit from using our
platform and services.
Continue to Bolster our Data Capabilities
We leverage real-time data, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to synthesize, aggregate and
contextualize vast amounts of data sets to help our advertisers and publishers optimize their digital ad spend/inventory. Our DMP solution was architected to be flexible, which allows us to deliver impactful and unique insights that are agnostic to
format or device type. By owning our own proprietary DMP solution, we are able to provide robust analytics, insights, and better segmentation on a global basis. We believe this gives us a large competitive advantage and enables higher ROI to our
advertisers and optimal yield on digital inventory to our publishers.
Leverage our Industry Expertise and Target Select
Acquisitions
We have been successful in past acquisitions and may direct our industry experience and focus to
identify future complementary acquisitions to further broaden our scale and technology solutions. To the extent we identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we have the experience, leadership and track record to successfully execute strategic
transactions and integrate acquired businesses into our platform.
Our Platform
Our
end-to-end
platform is a comprehensive
software suite that supports a wide range of media types (e.g., Video, display, etc.) and devices (e.g., mobile, CTVs, streaming devices, desktop, etc.), creating an efficient marketplace where advertisers are able to purchase high quality
advertising inventory from publishers at scale. Our solutions offer many advantages, including an advanced real-time bidding auction optimization engine, a quality and global marketplace, and flexibility to enact concurrent campaign strategies that
drives strong returns for investments in digital ad real estate.
Our platform handles over 100 billion daily ad
requests, approximately 500 terabytes of daily data and approximately 250 million daily ad impressions. Each transaction is processed in a fraction of a second (55ms on average) and powered by our real-time bidding engine, which leverages
thousands of private servers and infrastructure in three strategically located data centers located in the United States, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Key Components of our platform include:
•
Demand Side Platform – We offer a self-service DSP solution for advertisers and their agencies to
efficiently and intuitively manage omni-channel campaigns. We also offer a full-service option to agencies in addition to our self-service DSP solution. Our DSP solution provides access to wide reaching and high quality inventory, audience targeting
and advanced reporting to optimize advertising campaigns, improve ROI and gain deep insights and analytics into brand engagement.
•
Data Management Platform – We offer a fully integrated DMP solution that sits at the center of our
platform that unlocks the power of data flowing through our DSP and SSP solutions. Our DMP enables advertisers and publishers to use data from various sources in order to optimize results of their
8
Table of Contents
advertising campaigns. Our DMP provides insights and recommendations pertaining to geographic, behavioral and demographic data, among others in one unified solution. We believe an integrated DMP
is a key component to the marketplace because it enables advertisers and publishers to use and activate data to target audiences with more accuracy across a number of different channels.
•
Supply Side Platform – We offer a self-service SSP solution for digital publishers to sell their online
ad placements via a real-time bidding auction across all screens including mobile, CTVs, streaming devices and desktops. Our SSP provides access to significant amounts of data, unique demand and a comprehensive product suite to drive more effective
inventory management and revenue optimization.
•
Analytics/Artificial Intelligence – We collect, synthesize and analyze the data sets across our platform
through extensive artificial intelligence technologies and advanced machine learning capabilities. These recommendations ultimately provide key insights into valuable ad impressions and forecasts for auction behavior. We believe these technologies
drive optimal results for our advertisers and publishers.
RISK FACTORS
Investing in our ADSs involves substantial risks, and our ability to successfully operate our business and execute our growth
plan is subject to numerous risks. You should carefully consider the risks described in “
Risk Factors
” before making a decision to invest in our ADSs. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our ADSs would likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The following is a summary of some of the principal risks we face:
•
our success and revenue growth is dependent on adding new advertisers and publishers, effectively educating
and training our existing advertisers and publishers on how to make full use of our platform and increasing usage of our platform by advertisers and publishers;
•
our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand access to advertising spend, including spend from a
limited number of DSPs, agencies and advertisers;
•
our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand access to valuable inventory from publishers,
including our largest publishers;
•
we may not attract and retain advertisers and publishers if we may fail to make the right investment decisions
in our platform, or innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted by advertisers and publishers;
•
significant parts of our business depend on relationships with data providers for data sets used to deliver
targeted campaigns;
•
our business depends on our ability to collect, use and disclose certain data, including CTV data, to deliver
advertisements. Any limitation imposed on our collection, use or disclosure of this data could significantly diminish the value of our platform;
•
if the use of third-party “cookies,” mobile device IDs, CTV data collection or other tracking
technologies is restricted without similar or better alternatives (and adoption of such alternatives), our platform’s effectiveness could be diminished;
•
our failure to meet content and inventory standards and provide services that our advertisers and publishers
trust could harm our brand and reputation;
•
we must grow rapidly to remain a market leader and to accomplish our strategic objective;
9
Table of Contents
•
the market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is relatively new and evolving;
•
if we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our
publishers and their consumers, publishers could lose confidence in our platform and we could face legal claims;
•
the rejection of digital advertising by consumers through
opt-in,
opt-out
or
ad-blocking
technologies or other means could limit the effectiveness of our platform;
•
our ability to process inventory is dependent on our ability to scale our platform infrastructure to support
anticipated growth and transaction volume;
•
disruptions to service from our third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing and hosting
providers could impair the delivery of our services;
•
we may face potential liability and harm to our business based on the human factor of inputting information
into our platform; and
•
failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impact the success of our business.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated as Marimedia Ltd. in 2007 in Israel under the Israeli Companies Law, 5759-1999 (the “Companies
Law”). We changed our name to Taptica International Ltd. in September 2015 and then to Tremor International Ltd. in June 2019. Our principal executive offices are located at Hashmonaim 121, 2nd Floor, Tel Aviv, 6713328, Israel. Our website
address is www.tremorinternational.com, and our telephone number is
+972-3-545-3900.
Information contained on, or that can be
accessed through, our website does not constitute a part of this prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein. We have included our website address in this prospectus solely for informational purposes.
Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Foreign Private Issuer
We qualify as an “emerging growth company” pursuant to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended
(the “JOBS Act”). An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified exemptions from various requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to U.S. public companies. These provisions include:
•
the ability to include only two years of audited financial statements and selected financial data and only two
years of related disclosure in the registration statement on Form
F-1
of which this prospectus is a part;
•
reduced executive compensation disclosure; and
•
an exemption from the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) in the assessment of the emerging growth company’s internal control over financial reporting.
We may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced reporting burdens.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of:
•
the last day of our fiscal year during which we have total annual revenue of at least $1.07 billion;
•
the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of this offering;
•
the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1.0 billion in
non-convertible
debt securities; or
10
Table of Contents
•
the date on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that are held by
non-affiliates
exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our
most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
In addition, upon the closing of this offering, we will
report under the Exchange Act as a “foreign private issuer.” As a foreign private issuer, we may take advantage of certain provisions under the
rules that allow us to follow Israeli law for certain corporate governance matters. Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, as
long as we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we will be exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public companies, including:
•
the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations in respect
of a security registered under the Exchange Act;
•
the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their share ownership and
trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time;
•
the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”) of quarterly reports on Form
10-Q
containing unaudited financial and other specified information, or current reports on Form
8-K
upon the occurrence of
specified significant events; and
•
Regulation Fair Disclosure (“Regulation FD”), which regulates selective disclosures of material
information by issuers.
Foreign private issuers, like emerging growth companies, also are exempt from
certain more stringent executive compensation disclosure rules. Thus, if we remain a foreign private issuer, even if we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we will continue to be exempt from the more stringent compensation disclosures
required of public companies that are neither an emerging growth company nor a foreign private issuer.
We may take
advantage of these exemptions until such time as we are no longer a foreign private issuer. We are required to determine our status as a foreign private issuer on an annual basis at the end of our second fiscal quarter. We would cease to be a
foreign private issuer at such time as more than 50% of our outstanding voting securities are held by U.S. residents and any of the following three circumstances applies:
•
the majority of our executive officers or directors are U.S. citizens or residents;
•
more than 50% of our assets are located in the United States; or
•
our business is administered principally in the United States.
11
Table of Contents
THE OFFERING
ADSs offered by us
ADSs, each representing                ordinary shares.
Option to purchase additional ADSs
We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days after the date of this prospectus to purchase up
to                additional ADSs.
Ordinary shares to be outstanding after this offering
ordinary shares (or
ordinary shares if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional ADSs from us).
American Depositary Shares
Each ADS represents                 ordinary shares, par
value NIS 0.01 per ordinary share.
As an ADS holder, we will not treat you as one of our shareholders. The
depositary,                , will be the holder of the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs among us, the depositary and all holders and beneficial owners of ADSs
thereunder. You will have rights as provided in the deposit agreement. You may surrender your ADSs and withdraw the underlying ordinary shares as provided, and pursuant to the limitations set forth, in the deposit agreement. The depositary will
charge you fees for, among other items, any such surrender for the purpose of withdrawal. As described in the deposit agreement, we and the depositary may amend or terminate the deposit agreement without your consent. Any amendment that imposes or
increases fees or charges or which materially prejudices any substantial existing right you have as an ADS holder will not become effective as to outstanding ADSs until 30 days after notice of the amendment is given to ADS holders. If you continue
to hold your ADSs, you agree to be bound by the terms of the deposit agreement then in effect. To better understand the terms of the ADSs, you should carefully read the “
Description of American Depositary Shares
” section of this
prospectus. You should also read the deposit agreement, which is an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
Depositary
Custodian
Use of proceeds
We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately
$                million (or $
million
if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional ADSs from us), assuming an
initial public offering price of $                per ADS, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of
£                on                 , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of
£1.00 to $1.        ), after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
12
Table of Contents
The principal purposes of this offering are to obtain additional working capital, to create a public market
for our ADSs and to facilitate our future access to the public equity markets. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital, general corporate purposes and to fund incremental growth, including for possible acquisitions.
See “
Use of Proceeds
.”
Dividend policy
Our board of directors has sole discretion whether to pay dividends. Although we have paid dividends and conducted share buybacks in the
past, we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. See “
Dividend Policy
.”
Risk factors
Investing in our ADSs involves a high degree or risk. See “
Risk Factors
” and other information included in this
prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our ADSs.
Listing
We intend to apply to list our ADSs on
under the symbol “TRMR.” Our ordinary shares trade on AIM, a market of the London Stock Exchange, under the symbol “TRMR.”
The number of our ordinary shares to be outstanding immediately after this offering is based on
ordinary shares outstanding as of             , 2021 and excludes:
•
ordinary
shares issuable upon (i) the exercise of options outstanding under our equity incentive plans as of             , 2021 at a weighted average exercise price of
$                per ordinary share and (ii) the vesting of restricted share units (“RSUs”) outstanding under our equity incentive plans as of,
2021; and
•
ordinary
shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans as described in “
Management—Equity Incentive Plans
.”
Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes or gives effect to:
•
no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up
to                additional ADSs;
•
no exercise of the outstanding options described above
after             , 2021;
•
no vesting of the outstanding RSUs described above
after             , 2021; and
•
an initial public offering price of
$                per ADS, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of
£                on                 , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of
£1.00 to $1.        ).
13
Table of Contents
SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA
The following tables present our summary consolidated financial and other data. We prepare our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. The summary historical consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2020 and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 has been derived from our audited consolidated
financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our historical results for any prior period are not necessarily indicative of results expected in any future period.
The financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to
“
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
” and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Consolidated Statements of Operation and Other Comprehensive Income
Year Ended
December 31,
2019
2020
(in thousands, other than per share amounts)
Revenues
(1)
$
325,760
$
211,920
Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below)
(1)
187,246
59,807
Research and development expenses
16,168
13,260
Selling and marketing expenses
52,351
68,765
General and administrative expenses
34,433
29,678
Depreciation and amortization
32,359
45,187
Other expenses (income), net
(700
)
1,248
Operating profit (loss)
3,903
(6,025
)
Financing income
(773
)
(445
)
Financing expenses
1,088
1,862
Financing expenses, net
315
1,417
Profit (loss) before taxes on income
3,588
(7,442
)
Tax benefit
2,636
9,581
Profit for the year
6,224
2,139
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operation
139
2,836
Total comprehensive income for the year
$
6,363
$
4,975
Earnings (Loss) per share
Basic earnings (loss) per share
0.056
0.016
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
0.054
0.015
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments
and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
14
Table of Contents
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data
Year Ended
December 31, 2020
Actual
Adjusted
(1)
(in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents
$
97,463
$
Total assets
550,651
Total liabilities
221,638
Total equity
329,013
(1)    As
Adjusted to give effect to the sale by us of
ordinary shares at a public offering price of $             per ADS, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price
of our ordinary shares on AIM of £             on                 , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange
rate of £1.00 to $1.             ), after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.
Other Financial Data
Year Ended
December 31,
2019
(1)
2020
IFRS measures
Revenue (in thousands)
(2)
$
325,760
$
211,920
Total comprehensive income
$
6,363
$
4,975
Net profit margin
(3)
2%
2%
Non-IFRS
measures
Net revenue (in thousands)
(4)
$
164,038
$
184,282
Adjusted EBITDA
(5)
(in thousands)
$
60,411
$
60,513
Adjusted EBITDA margin
(6)
37%
33%
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments
and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
(2)
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, total revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2019 would be $208,459 thousand.
(3)
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, net profit margin
for the year ended December 31, 2019 would be 3%.
(4)
Net revenue is a supplemental measure of our financial performance that is not required by, or presented in
accordance with, IFRS. Net revenue should not be considered as an alternative to revenue as a measure of financial performance.
Net revenue is defined as our revenue calculated on a net basis by excluding the media cost for both Programmatic and
Performance activities. Net revenue is included in this prospectus because it is a key metric used by management and our board of directors to assess our financial performance. Net revenue is frequently used by analysts, investors and other
interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. Management believes that Net revenue is an appropriate measure of operating performance because it eliminates the impact of expenses that do not relate directly to the performance of the
underlying business.
15
Table of Contents
The following table reconciles Net revenue to the most directly comparable
IFRS financial performance measure, which is Revenue:
Year Ended December 31,
2019
2020
(in thousands)
(i) Revenues (as reported)
(a)
Programmatic
$
241,464
$
161,625
Performance
84,296
50,295
Total
325,760
211,920
(ii) Programmatic media
cost
(b)
Programmatic
(117,301
)
—
Performance
—
—
(iii) = (i) + (ii) Revenues on comparable
basis
(c)
Programmatic
124,163
161,625
Performance
84,296
50,295
Total
208,459
211,920
(iv) Performance media
cost
(d)
Programmatic
—
—
Performance
(44,421
)
(27,637
)
(v) = (iii) + (iv) Net
Revenues
(e)
Programmatic
124,163
161,625
Performance
39,875
22,657
Total
$
164,038
$
184,282
(a)
For the year ended December 31, 2019, our audited revenue consists of (i) Programmatic revenue that is
recognized on a gross basis (which includes the Programmatic media cost as defined below) and (ii) Performance revenue that is recognized on a gross basis (which includes the Performance media cost as defined below).
For the year ended December 31, 2020, our audited revenue consists of (i) Programmatic revenue that is
recognized on a net basis (which excludes the Programmatic media cost as defined below) and (ii) Performance revenue that is recognized on a gross basis.
For information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change of our Programmatic revenue, see
“—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
”.
(b)
Represents the costs of acquiring publishers’ advertising space that is purchased by advertisers via
our Programmatic end-to-end solution.
(c)
Represents our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 on an audited basis for
2020 and, to facilitate comparability, on a comparable basis for 2019 (which excludes the Programmatic media cost).
(d)
Represents the traffic acquisition costs which consist of purchases of impressions from publishers on a cost
per thousand impression basis in our Performance activities.
(e)
Represents our revenue calculated on a net basis for both Programmatic and Performance activities.
16
Table of Contents
(5)
Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure of our performance that is not required by, or presented in
accordance with, IFRS. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to total comprehensive income for the year as a measure of financial performance.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as total comprehensive income for the year adjusted for foreign currency translation differences for
foreign operations, financing expenses, net, tax benefit, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, restructuring and acquisition-related costs and other expenses (income), net. Adjusted EBITDA is included in this prospectus because
it is a key metric used by management and our board of directors to assess our financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. Management believes
that Adjusted EBITDA is an appropriate measure of operating performance because it eliminates the impact of expenses that do not relate directly to the performance of the underlying business.
Adjusted EBITDA is not an IFRS measure of our financial performance or liquidity and should not be considered as an alternative
to total comprehensive income for the year as a measure of financial performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as a measure of liquidity, or as an alternative to any other performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS.
Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or other items. Additionally, Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be a measure of free cash flow for management’s discretionary use, as
it does not reflect our tax payments and certain other cash costs that may recur in the future, including, among other things, cash requirements for costs to replace assets being depreciated and amortized. Management compensates for these
limitations by relying on our IFRS results in addition to using Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure. Our measure of Adjusted EBITDA is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled captions of other companies due to different methods of
calculation.
The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable IFRS financial performance
measure, which is total comprehensive income for the year:
Year Ended
December 31,
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Total comprehensive income for the year
$
6,363
$
4,975
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operation
(139
)
(2,836
)
Taxes on income
(2,636
)
(9,581
)
Financial income, net
315
1,417
Depreciation and amortization
32,359
45,187
Stock-based compensation
15,809
14,490
Other expenses
—
1,700
Restructuring
5,500
4,637
Acquisition-related cost
2,840
524
Adjusted EBITDA
$
60,411
$
60,513
(6)
Adjusted EBITDA Margin means Adjusted EBITDA calculated as a percentage of net revenue.
17
Table of Contents
RISK FACTORS
You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Additional risks not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price and
value of our ADSs could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this prospectus.
Risks Relating to Our Business
Our success and revenue growth is dependent on adding new advertisers and publishers, effectively educating and training our existing
advertisers and publishers on how to make full use of our platform and increasing usage of our platform by advertisers and publishers.
Our success is dependent on regularly adding new advertisers and publishers and increasing their usage of our platform. Our
contracts and relationships with advertisers and publishers generally do not include long-term or exclusive obligations requiring them to use our platform or maintain or increase their use of our platform. Advertisers and publishers typically have
relationships with numerous providers and can use both our platform and those of our competitors without incurring significant costs or disruption. They may also choose to decrease their overall advertising spend for any reason, including if they do
not believe they are receiving a sufficient return. Accordingly, we must continually work to add new advertisers and publishers to our customer base, retain our existing advertisers and publishers, increase their usage of our platform and capture a
larger share of their advertising spend.
We may not be successful at educating and training advertisers and publishers,
especially new ones, on how to use our platform in order for them to most benefit from our platform and increase their usage. If these efforts are unsuccessful or advertisers or publishers decide not to maintain or increase their usage of our
platform for any other reason, or if we fail to attract new advertisers or publishers, our revenue could fail to grow or may decline, which would materially and adversely harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
Our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand access to advertising spend, including spend from a limited number of DSPs,
agencies and advertisers.
Our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand our access to advertising
spend from advertisers through DSPs, as well as agencies and direct advertisers (that execute their purchases through DSPs), to purchase impressions from our publishers. A limited number of large advertising customers account for a significant
portion of our revenue, and in particular one DSP customer, which accounted for approximately 10% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our agreements with most DSPs automatically renew each year for successive
one-year
terms. However either party may generally terminate for convenience upon providing 30 day prior written notice. We expect to depend upon these few DSPs for a large percentage of impressions purchased for
the foreseeable future. Any disruptions in our relationships with DSPs, agencies or advertisers could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. To support our continued growth, we will seek to expand upon current levels of
utilization with these DSPs, agencies and advertisers.
In general, we have no minimum commitments from advertisers,
agencies or DSPs to spend on our platform, so the amount of demand available to us can change at any time, and we cannot assure you that we will have access to a consistent volume or quality of advertising spend or demand. If an advertiser or DSP
representing a significant portion of the demand in our platform decides to materially reduce use of our services, it could cause an immediate and significant decline in our revenue and profitability and adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition.
18
Table of Contents
Our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand access to valuable
inventory from publishers, including our largest publishers.
Our business depends on our access to valuable
advertising inventory. We depend upon publishers, including channel partners, which aggregate large numbers of smaller publishers, to provide advertising inventory which we can offer to prospective advertisers. A relatively small number of
publishers have historically accounted for a significant portion of the advertising inventory sold on our platform, as well as a significant portion of our revenue, including a relatively small number of channel partners. To support our continued
growth, we will seek to add additional publishers to our platform and to expand current utilization with our existing publishers.
In general, our relationships with publishers do not contain minimum commitments, so the amount, quality and cost of inventory
available on our platform can change at any time, and we cannot assure you that we will have access to a consistent volume or quality of inventory at a reasonable cost, or at all. Any disruptions in our relationships with publishers or our largest
channel partners could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we cannot retain or add individual publishers with valuable inventory, or if such publishers decide not to make their valuable inventory
available on our platform, then our advertisers may be less inclined to use our platform, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
If we fail to make the right investment decisions in our platform, or if we fail to innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted
by advertisers and publishers, we may not attract and retain advertisers and publishers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We face intense competition in the marketplace and are confronted by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards,
consumer preferences, regulatory changes and the frequent introduction of new solutions by our competitors to which we must adapt and address. We need to continuously update our platform and the technology in which we invest and develop, including
our machine learning and other proprietary algorithms, in order to attract publishers and advertisers and stay ahead of changes in technology, evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements. Our platform is complex and new solutions can
require a significant investment of time and resources to develop, test, introduce and enhance. These activities can take longer than we expect and we may not make the right decisions regarding our pursuit of these investments. New formats and
channels, such as mobile header bidding and CTV, present unique challenges and our success in new formats and channels depends upon our ability to integrate them with our platform. If our mobile and video solutions or our CTV solutions are not
widely adopted by advertisers and publishers, we may not retain advertisers and publishers. In addition, new demands from advertisers or publishers, superior offerings by competitors, changes in technology, or new industry standards or regulatory
requirements could render our platform or our existing solutions less effective and require us to make unanticipated changes to our platform or business model. Furthermore, our focus on our
end-to-end
platform may decrease our responsiveness and agility to respond to changes or innovations specific to either our DSP or SSP solutions. Our failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market, anticipate
changing demand, or attract and retain advertisers or publishers would cause our revenue or revenue growth rate to decline and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Significant parts of our business depend on relationships with data providers for data sets used to deliver targeted campaigns.
Our ability to deliver targeted advertising campaigns depends on our ability to acquire effective data sets, which
we do through a combination of proprietary data sets as well as data sets that we purchase from third parties. If any third-party data providers decide not to make data sets available to us, decide to increase their price or place significant
restrictions on the use of their data, we may not be able to replace this with our own proprietary data sets or those of other third-party providers that satisfy our requirements in a timely and
cost-
19
Table of Contents
effective manner. In addition, some data set providers in the industry may enter into exclusivity arrangements with our competitors, which could limit our access to a meaningful supply of data
and give them a competitive advantage. Any limitations on access to these third-party data sets could impair our ability to deliver effective solutions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business depends on our ability to collect, use and disclose certain data, including CTV data, to deliver advertisements. Any
limitation imposed on our collection, use or disclosure of this data could significantly diminish the value of our platform and cause us to lose publishers, advertisers and revenue. Consumer tools, regulatory restrictions and technological
limitations all threaten our ability to use and disclose data.
As we process transactions through our platform, we
collect large amounts of data about advertisements and where they are placed, such as consumer, advertiser and publisher preferences for media and advertising content. We also collect data on ad specifications such as ad placement, size and format,
ad pricing and auction activity such as price floors, bid response behavior and clearing prices. Further, we collect certain data from consumers that, while not identifying the individual, does include browser, device location and characteristics,
online browsing behavior, exposure to and interaction with advertisements, and inferential data about purchase intentions and preferences. We collect this data through various means, including from our own systems, pixels that publishers allow us to
place on their websites to track consumer visits, software development kits installed in mobile applications, cookies and other tracking technologies. Our publishers, advertisers and data providers may also choose to provide us with their
proprietary data about consumers.
We aggregate this data and analyze it in order to enhance our services, including the
pricing, placement and delivery of advertisements. As part of our real-time analytics service offering we also share the data, or analyses based on such data, with our publishers and advertisers. Our ability to collect, use and share data about
advertising transactions and consumer behavior is critical to the value of our services. There are many technical challenges relating to our ability to collect, aggregate, use and store the data, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do
so effectively. Evolving regulatory standards could place restrictions on the collection, aggregation, use and storage of information, which could result in a material increase in the cost of collecting or otherwise obtaining certain kinds of data
and could limit the ways in which we may use or disclose information. Consumers can, with increasing ease, implement practices or technologies that may limit our ability to collect and use data to deliver advertisements, or otherwise inhibit the
effectiveness of our platform, including opt out capabilities offered by various mobile, CTV manufacturer and web browsers, as well as data deletion request mechanisms offered by us to consumers, following IDEA and GDPR protocols. Although our
publishers and advertisers generally permit us to aggregate and use data from advertising placements, subject to certain restrictions, existing or future publishers or advertisers might decide to restrict our collection or use of their data. Any
limitations could impair our ability to deliver effective solutions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
If the use of third-party “cookies,” mobile device IDs, CTV data collection or other tracking technologies is restricted
without similar or better alternatives (and adoption of such alternatives), our platform’s effectiveness could be diminished and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
We use “cookies,” or small text files placed on consumer devices when an Internet browser is used, as well as mobile
device identifiers and CTV data collection devices, to gather data that enables our platform to be more effective. Our cookies, mobile device IDs and CTV data collection devices do not identify consumers directly but rather record information, such
as when a consumer views or clicks on an advertisement, when a consumer uses a mobile app, the consumer’s location and browser or other device information. Publishers and partners may also choose to share their information about consumers’
interests or give us permission to use their cookies and mobile device IDs. We use data from cookies, mobile device IDs, CTV data collection devices and other tracking technologies to help advertisers decide whether to bid on, and how to price, an
ad impression in a certain location, at a given time, for a particular consumer. Without cookies, mobile device IDs, CTV data collection
20
Table of Contents
devices and other tracking technology data, transactions processed through our platform would be executed with less insight into consumer activity, reducing the precision of advertisers’
decisions about which impressions to purchase for an advertising campaign and limiting our reporting capabilities. This could make placement of advertising through our platform less valuable and harm our revenue. If our ability to use cookies,
mobile device IDs, CTV data collection devices or other tracking technologies is limited, we may be required to develop or obtain additional applications and technologies to compensate for the lack of cookies, mobile device IDs, CTV data collection
devices and other tracking technology data, which could be time consuming or costly to develop, less effective and subject to additional regulation.
Our failure to meet content and inventory standards and provide services that our advertisers and publishers trust could harm our brand
and reputation and negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
We do not provide or
control the content of advertisements or that of the digital media providing inventory. Advertisers provide the advertising content and publishers provide the inventory content. Both advertisers and publishers are concerned about being associated
with content they consider inappropriate, competitive or inconsistent with their brands, or illegal, and they are hesitant to spend money or make inventory available without guaranteed brand and content security. Consequently, our reputation
depends, in part, on providing services that our advertisers and publishers trust and we have contractual obligations to meet certain content and inventory standards. We use commercially reasonable efforts to contractually prohibit the misuse of our
platform by agencies (and their marketer customers) and publishers; however we are not always successful in achieving a fulsome level of protection. Despite such efforts, advertisers may inadvertently purchase inventory that proves to be
unacceptable for their campaigns, in which case we may not be able to collect revenue or recoup the amounts paid to publishers. Furthermore, the standards by which an advertiser or a publisher may consider an advertising placement or inventory
content offensive or inappropriate are constantly changing and our contractual agreements are not always able to anticipate fully the preferences of our advertisers and publishers. Our advertisers could intentionally run campaigns that do not meet
the standards of our publishers or attempt to use illegal or unethical targeting practices or seek to display advertising in jurisdictions that do not permit such advertising or in which the regulatory environment is uncertain, in which case our
supply of ad inventory from such suppliers could be jeopardized.
We must grow rapidly to remain a market leader and to accomplish
our strategic objectives. If we fail to grow, or fail to manage our growth effectively, the value of our company may decline.
The advertising technology market is dynamic, and our success depends upon the continued adoption of programmatic advertising
and our ability to develop innovative new technologies and solutions for the evolving needs of advertisers and digital media property owners. We need to grow significantly to develop the market reach and scale necessary to compete effectively with
large competitors. This growth depends to a significant degree upon the quality of our strategic vision and planning. The advertising market is evolving rapidly, and if we make strategic errors, there is a significant risk that we will lose our
competitive position and be unable to recover and achieve our objectives. Our ability to grow requires access to, and prudent deployment of, capital for hiring, expansion of physical infrastructure to run our platform, acquisition of companies or
technologies, and development and integration of supporting sales, marketing, finance, administrative and managerial infrastructure. Further, the growth we are pursuing may strain our resources. If we are not able to innovate and grow successfully,
the value of our business may be adversely affected.
The market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is relatively new
and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.
We derive revenue from the programmatic advertising on our
end-to-end
platform. We expect that programmatic advertising will continue to be our primary source of revenue for the foreseeable future and that
21
Table of Contents
our revenue growth will largely depend on increasing our customers’ usage of our platform. While the market for programmatic advertising for desktop and mobile is relatively established, the
market in other channels is still emerging, and our current and potential customers may not shift quickly enough to programmatic advertising from other buying methods, which would reduce our growth potential. If the market for programmatic
advertising deteriorates or develops more slowly than we expect, it could reduce demand for our platform and our business, growth prospects and financial condition could be adversely affected.
If we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our publishers and their
consumers, publishers could lose confidence in our platform and we could face legal claims that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may be subject to fraudulent or malicious activities undertaken by persons seeking to use our platform for improper
purposes. For example, someone may attempt to divert or artificially inflate advertiser purchases through our platform, or to disrupt or divert the operation of the systems and devices of our publishers, and their consumers in order to
misappropriate information, generate fraudulent billings or stage cyberattacks, or for other illicit purposes. We use our proprietary technology and third-party services to, and we participate in industry
co-ops
that work to, detect malware and other content issues as well as click fraud (whether by humans or software known as “bots”) and to block fraudulent inventory. Preventing and combating fraud
is an industry-wide issue that requires constant vigilance, as well as a balancing of cost effectiveness and risk, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to combat fraud. We may provide access to inventory that is
objectionable to our advertisers or we may serve advertising that contains malware or objectionable content to our publishers, which could harm our and our advertisers’ and publishers’ reputation, causing them to scale-back or terminate
their relationship with us, or otherwise negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
If the use of
digital advertising is rejected by consumers, through
opt-in,
opt-out
or
ad-blocking
technologies or other means, it could have
an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Consumers can, with increasing
ease, implement technologies that limit our ability to collect and use data to deliver advertisements, or otherwise limit the effectiveness of our platform. Cookies may be deleted or blocked by consumers. The most commonly used Internet browsers
allow consumers to modify their browser settings to block first-party cookies (placed directly by the publisher or website owner that the consumer intends to interact with) or third-party cookies (placed by parties, like us, that have no direct
relationship with the consumer), and some browsers block third-party cookies by default. For example, Apple recently moved to
“opt-in”
privacy models, requiring consumers to voluntarily choose to
receive targeted ads, which may reduce the value of inventory on its iOS mobile application platform. Many applications and other devices allow consumers to avoid receiving advertisements by paying for subscriptions or other downloads. Mobile
devices using Android and iOS operating systems limit the ability of cookies to track consumers while they are using applications other than their web browser on the device. As a consequence, fewer of our cookies or publishers’ cookies may be
set in browsers or be accessible in mobile devices, which could adversely affect our business.
Some consumers also
download free or paid “ad blocking” software on their computers or mobile devices, not only for privacy reasons but also to counteract the adverse effect advertisements can have on the consumer experience, including increased load times,
data consumption and screen overcrowding. If more consumers adopt these measures, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
Ad-blocking
technologies could have an
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if they reduce the volume or effectiveness and value of advertising. In addition, some ad blocking technologies only block ads that are targeted through use of third-party
data, while allowing ads based on first-party data (i.e., data owned by the publisher). These ad blockers could place us at a disadvantage because we rely heavily on third-party data, while some large competitors have troves of first-party data they
use to direct advertising. Other technologies allow ads that are deemed “acceptable,” which could be defined in ways that place us or our publishers at a disadvantage, particularly if such technologies are controlled or influenced by our
22
Table of Contents
competitors. Even if ad blockers do not ultimately have an adverse effect on our business, investor concerns about ad blockers could cause our stock price to decline.
We must scale our platform infrastructure to support anticipated growth and transaction volume. If we fail to do so, we may limit our
ability to process inventory and we may lose revenue.
Our business depends on processing inventory in
milliseconds, and we must handle an increasingly large volume of such transactions. The addition of new solutions, such as header bidding in mobile and CTV formats, support of evolving advertising formats, handling and use of increasing amounts of
data, and overall growth in impressions place growing demands upon our platform infrastructure. If we are unable to grow our platform to support substantial increases in the number of transactions and in the amount of data we process, on a
high-performance, cost-effective basis, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
Disruptions to service from our third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing and hosting providers could impair the
delivery of our services and harm our business.
A significant portion of our business relies upon hardware and
services that are hosted, managed and controlled by third-party
co-location
providers for our data centers, and we are dependent on these third-parties to provide continuous power, cooling, Internet
connectivity and physical and technological security for our servers. In the event that these third-party providers experience any interruption in operations or cease business for any reason, or if we are unable to agree on satisfactory terms for
continued hosting relationships, we would be forced to enter into a relationship with other service providers or assume some hosting responsibilities ourselves. Even a disruption as brief as a few minutes could have a negative impact on marketplace
activities and could result in a loss of revenue. These facilities may be located in areas prone to natural disasters and may experience catastrophic events such as earthquakes, fires, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, public health
crises and similar events. They may also be subject to
break-ins,
sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, cyber-attacks and similar misconduct. Although we have made certain disaster recovery and business
continuity arrangements, such events could cause damage to, or failure of, our systems generally, or those of the third-party cloud computing and hosting providers, which could result in disruptions to our service.
We face potential liability and harm to our business based on the human factor of inputting information into our platform.
We or our customers set up campaigns on our platform using a number of available variables. While our platform includes several
checks and balances, it is possible for human error to result in significant over-spending. We offer a number of protections such as daily or overall spending caps, but despite these protections, the ability for overspend exists. For example,
campaigns which last for a period of time can be set to pace evenly or as quickly as possible. If a customer with a high credit limit enters an incorrect daily cap with a campaign set to a rapid pace, it is possible for a campaign to accidently go
significantly over budget. While our customer contracts state that customers are responsible for media purchased through our platform, we are ultimately responsible for paying the inventory providers and we may be unable to collect when such issues
occur.
Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could negatively impact our business.
We regard the protection of our intellectual property, which includes trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and domain names,
as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We generally enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements
with our employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However, we may not be successful in executing these
agreements with every party who has access to our confidential information or contributes to the development of our intellectual property. Those agreements
23
Table of Contents
that we do execute may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. These contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual
property may not prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property, or deter independent development of similar intellectual property by others. Breaches of the security of our solutions, databases or other resources could expose us to a
risk of loss or unauthorized disclosure of information collected, stored or transmitted for or on behalf of advertisers or publishers, or of cookies, data stored in cookies, other user information or other proprietary or confidential information.
We register certain domain names, trademarks and service marks in the United States and in certain locations outside the
United States. We also rely upon common law protection for certain marks, such as “Tremor Video.” Any of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative
process or litigation. Our competitors and others could attempt to capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names or business names similar to ours. Domain names and trademarks similar to ours have been registered in the United States and
elsewhere. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring or using domain names and other trademarks that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of our brands, trademarks or service marks. Effective trade secret,
copyright, trademark, domain name and patent protection are expensive to develop and maintain, both in terms of initial and ongoing registration requirements and the costs of defending our rights. We may be required to protect our intellectual
property in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful or which we may not pursue in every location. We may, over time, increase our investment in protecting our intellectual property through
additional filings that could be expensive and time-consuming.
Risks Relating to the Market in Which We Operate
If the
non-proprietary
technology, software, products and services that we use are unavailable,
have future terms we cannot agree to or do not perform as we expect, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
We depend on data sets and various technology, software, products and services from third parties or available as open source,
including for critical features and functionality of our platform to deliver targeted advertising campaigns. Our ability to obtain necessary data licenses on commercially reasonable terms is critical to the success of our platform and we could
suffer material adverse consequences if we are unable to obtain data through our integrations with data suppliers or if the cost of obtaining such data materially increases. Identifying, negotiating, complying with and integrating with third-party
terms and technology are complex, costly and time-consuming matters. Further, in the course of negotiations with third-party providers, we may be required to provide material upfront minimum purchase commitments in order to secure favorable
contractual terms. Failure by third-party providers to acquire relevant data sets, or to maintain, support or secure their technology either generally or for our accounts specifically, or downtime, errors or defects in their products or services,
could materially and adversely impact our platform, our administrative obligations or other areas of our business. Furthermore, changes in the costs of third-party services may result in us having to replace any third-party providers or their data
sets, technology, products or services and could result in outages or difficulties in our ability to provide our services.
Our
revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on the overall demand for advertising. Factors that affect the amount of advertising spending, such as economic downturns and the
COVID-19
pandemic, can
make it difficult to predict our revenue and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of our current and prospective
advertisers. Recently, the economic health of advertisers has been impacted by the
COVID-19
pandemic and the resulting economic uncertainty in the United States and global economy beginning in the second
quarter of 2020, and as a result advertising demand on our platform decreased in the first half of 2020,
24
Table of Contents
with recovery in the second half of 2020, although some verticals have still not recovered. Many marketing budgets, particularly those in travel, retail and hospitality, decreased or paused their
advertising spending as a response to the economic uncertainty, decline in business activity and other
COVID-19
related impacts which have, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our revenue and
results of operations. Various macroeconomic factors could cause advertisers to reduce their advertising budgets, and may include the following:
•
adverse economic conditions and general uncertainty about economic recovery or growth, particularly in North
America where we do most of our business;
•
changes in the pricing policies of publishers and competitors;
•
instability in political or market conditions generally;
•
any changes in tax treatment of advertising expenses and the deductibility thereof;
•
the seasonal nature of advertising spend on digital advertising campaigns; and
•
changes and uncertainty in the regulatory and business environment (for example, when Apple or Google change
policies for their browsers and operating systems).
Reductions in overall advertising spending as a
result of these factors could make it difficult to predict our revenue and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
The extent to which the ongoing
COVID-19
pandemic, including the resulting global economic
uncertainty, and measures taken in response to the pandemic, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.
Our business and operations have been and could in the future be adversely affected by health epidemics, such as the global
COVID-19
pandemic. The
COVID-19
pandemic and efforts to control its spread have curtailed the movement of people, goods and services worldwide, including in the regions in
which we and our customers operate, and are significantly impacting economic activity and financial markets. Many marketers, particularly those in the travel, retail and hospitality industries, have decreased or paused their advertising spending as
a response to the economic uncertainty, decline in business activity, and other
COVID-19-related
impacts, which has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively
impact, our revenue and results of operations, the extent and duration of which we may not be able to accurately predict. The spread of an infectious disease may also result in, and, in the case of the
COVID-19
pandemic has resulted in, regional quarantines, labor shortages or stoppages, changes in consumer purchasing patterns, disruptions to service providers’ ability to deliver data on a timely basis,
or at all, and overall economic instability.
A recession, depression or other sustained adverse market events resulting
from the spread of
COVID-19
could materially and adversely affect our business and that of our customers or potential customers. Our customers’ and potential customers’ businesses or cash flows have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by the
COVID-19
pandemic, which has led and may continue to lead them to reduce their advertising spending and delay their advertising initiatives or technology
spending, or attempt to renegotiate contracts and obtain concessions, which may materially and negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Advertisers may also seek adjustments to their payment terms, delay making
payments or default on their payables, any of which may impact the timely receipt and/or collectability of our receivables. Typically, we are contractually required to pay advertising inventory and data suppliers within a negotiated period of time,
regardless of whether our customers pay us on time, or at all, and we may not be able to renegotiate better terms. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted if the business or financial condition of
advertisers and marketers is negatively affected by the pandemic.
Our operations are subject to a range of external
factors related to the
COVID-19
pandemic that are not within our control. We have taken precautionary measures intended to minimize the risk of the spread of the
25
Table of Contents
virus to our employees and the communities in which we operate. A wide range of governmental restrictions has also been imposed on our employees’ physical movement to limit the spread of
COVID-19.
There can be no assurance that precautionary measures, whether adopted by us or imposed by others, will be effective, and such measures could negatively affect our sales, marketing, and customer service
efforts, delay and lengthen our sales cycles, decrease our employees’ productivity, or create operational or other challenges, any of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
The economic uncertainty caused by the
COVID-19
pandemic has made and may continue to
make it difficult for us to forecast revenue and operating results and to make decisions regarding operational cost structures and investments. Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of advertisers and
publishers that benefit from our platform. Economic downturns or unstable market conditions may cause advertisers to decrease their advertising budgets, which could reduce usage of our platform and adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. We have committed, and we plan to continue to commit, resources to grow our business, including to expand our employee base and develop our platform, and such investments may not yield anticipated returns, particularly if
global business activity continues to be impacted by the
COVID-19
pandemic. The duration and extent of the impact from the
COVID-19
pandemic depend on future
developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time, and if we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business may be harmed. Such future developments may include, among others, the duration and
spread of the outbreak, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of
COVID-19
and government actions to contain
COVID-19
or treat its impact, the level of
relief efforts designed to help businesses and consumers, including any declines in such levels, the impact on advertisers and our sales cycles, the impact on advertiser, industry or employee events and the effect on publishers.
Our results may also fluctuate unpredictably as and to the extent there is a recovery from the pandemic and a return to
non-pandemic
business conditions. We cannot predict the impact of a post-pandemic recovery on the economy, advertisers or consumer media consumption patterns or the degree to which certain trends, such as the growth
in demand for CTV, will continue.
Any decrease in the use of the advertising or publishing channels that we primarily depend on, or
failure to expand into emerging channels, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The future growth of our business could be constrained by the level of acceptance and expansion of emerging channels, as well
as the continued use and growth of existing channels in which our capabilities are more established. Our revenue growth may depend on our ability to expand within mobile and, in particular, CTV, and we have been, and are continuing to, enhance such
channels. We may not be able to accurately predict changes in overall advertiser demand for the channels in which we operate and cannot assure you that our investment in formats will correspond to any such trends. For example, we cannot predict
whether the growth in demand for our CTV offering will continue. Any decrease in the use of existing channels, whether due to advertisers or publishers losing confidence in the value or effectiveness of such channels, regulatory restrictions or
other causes, or any inability to further penetrate CTV or enter new and emerging advertising channels, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
If CTV develops in ways that prevent advertisements from being delivered to consumers, our business, results of operations and financial
condition may be adversely affected.
As online video advertising has continued to scale and evolve, the amount of
online video advertising being bought and sold programmatically has increased dramatically; this market continues to grow with the increased popularity of CTV media. However, despite the opportunities created by programmatic advertising,
programmatic solutions for CTV publishers are still nascent compared to desktop search and mobile video solutions. Many CTV publishers have backgrounds in cable or broadcast television and have limited experience
26
Table of Contents
with digital advertising, and in particular programmatic advertising. For these publishers, it is extremely important to protect the quality of the viewer experience to maintain brand goodwill
and ensure that online advertising efforts do not create sales channel conflicts or otherwise detract from their direct sales force. In this regard, programmatic advertising presents a number of potential challenges, including the ability to ensure
that ads are brand safe, comply with business rules around competitive separation, are not overly repetitive, are played at the appropriate volume and do not cause delays in load-time of content. We believe that our platform is well-positioned to
allow publishers the opportunity to achieve these goals and also reliably achieve “ad potting,” or the placement of the desired number of advertisements in commercial breaks. In fact, we have invested significant time and resources
cultivating relationships with CTV publishers to establish best practices and teach them about the benefits of programmatic CTV. While we believe that programmatic advertising will continue to grow as a percentage of overall CTV advertising, there
can be no assurance as to the rate at which CTV publishers will adopt programmatic solutions such as ours, if at all, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully with our current or future
competitors.
We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry. We expect competition to persist
and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase revenue and our market share and maintain profitability. New technologies and methods of buying advertising present a dynamic competitive challenge, as market participants develop
and offer new products and services, such as analytics, automated media buying and exchanges, aimed at capturing advertising spend or disrupting the digital marketing landscape. Further, our competitors may begin offering similar products or
services to those we currently offer, including our
end-to-end
platform, and our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised.
We may also face competition from new companies entering the market, including large established companies and companies that
we do not yet know about or do not yet exist. If existing or new companies develop, market or resell competitive high-value products or services that result in additional competition for advertising spend or advertising inventory or if they acquire
one of our existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our results of operations could be harmed.
Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we
have, which may allow them to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services. They may also have more extensive advertiser bases and broader publisher relationships than we have and may be
better positioned to execute on advertising conducted over certain channels, such as social media, mobile and video. Some of our competitors may have a longer operating history and greater name recognition. As a result, these competitors may be
better able to respond quickly to new technologies, develop deeper advertiser relationships or offer services at lower prices. Any of these developments would make it more difficult for us to sell our platform and could result in increased pricing
pressure, increased sales and marketing expense, or the loss of market share.
Seasonal fluctuations in advertising activity could
have a material impact on our revenue, cash flow and operating results.
Our revenue, cash flow, operating results
and other key operating and performance metrics may vary from quarter to quarter due to the seasonal nature of our customers’ spending on advertising campaigns. For example, in prior years, customers tended to devote more of their advertising
budgets to the fourth calendar quarter to coincide with consumer holiday spending. In contrast, the first quarter of the calendar year has typically been the slowest in terms of advertising spend. These patterns may or may not hold true during the
COVID-19
pandemic. Political advertising could also cause our revenue to increase during election cycles and decrease during other periods, making it difficult to predict our revenue, cash flow and operating
results, all of which could fall below our expectations.
27
Table of Contents
If we do not effectively grow and train our sales and support teams, we may be unable
to add new customers or increase usage of our platform by our existing customers and our business will be adversely affected.
We are substantially dependent on our sales and support teams to obtain new customers and to increase usage of our platform by
our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting,
training, integrating and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. Due to the complexity of our platform, a significant time lag exists between the hiring date of sales and support personnel and the time when they
become fully productive. Our recent and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business.
If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing our existing customers’ spend with us, our business may be adversely
affected.
The United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions,
financial markets and our business.
Following a national referendum and enactment of legislation by the government
of the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom formally withdrew from the European Union on January 31, 2020 and ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union. The agreement, which is being
applied provisionally from January 1, 2021 until it is ratified by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union, addresses trade, economic arrangements, law enforcement, judicial cooperation and a governance framework including
procedures for dispute resolution, among other things. Because the agreement merely sets forth a framework in many respects and will require complex additional bilateral negotiations between the United Kingdom and the European Union as both parties
continue to work on the rules for implementation, significant political and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal.
These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material
adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our
access to capital. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our ADSs.
Risks Relating to Our Employees and Location in Israel
Our long-term success depends on our ability to operate internationally making us susceptible to risks associated with cross-border sales
and operations.
We serve advertisements in more than 100 countries and maintain offices in North America, Europe,
Asia and Australia. Our expansive global footprint subjects us to a variety of risks and burdens, including:
•
the need to localize our solutions, including product customizations and adaptation for local practices and
regulatory requirements;
•
lack of familiarity and burdens of ongoing compliance with local laws, legal standards, regulatory
requirements, tariffs, customs formalities and other barriers, including restrictions on advertising practices, regulations governing online services, restrictions on importation or shipping of specified or proscribed items, importation quotas,
shopper protection laws, enforcement of intellectual property rights, laws dealing with shopper and data protection, privacy, encryption, denied parties and sanctions, and restrictions on pricing or discounts;
•
heightened exposure to fraud;
28
Table of Contents
•
legal uncertainty in foreign countries with less developed legal systems;
•
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties or
customs formalities, embargoes, exchange controls, government controls or other trade restrictions;
•
differing technology standards;
•
difficulties in managing and staffing international operations and differing employer/employee relationships;
•
fluctuations in exchange rates that may increase our foreign exchange exposure;
•
potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign tax laws (including with respect
to value added taxes) and restrictions on the repatriation of earnings;
•
increased likelihood of potential or actual violations of domestic and international anti-money laundering
laws and anticorruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”) and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “U.K. Bribery Act”), which correlates with the scope of our sales and operations in
foreign jurisdictions and operations in certain industries, such that an increase in such operations would increase risk of
non-compliance
with the aforementioned laws;
•
uncertain political and economic climates in foreign markets;
•
managing and staffing operations over a broader geographic area with varying cultural norms and customs;
•
varying levels of Internet and mobile technology adoption and infrastructure;
•
reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; and
•
new and different sources of competition.
These factors may require significant management attention and financial resources. Any negative impact from our international
business efforts could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We depend on our executive
officers and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees could harm our business.
Our
success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt
our business. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time
subject only to the notice periods prescribed by their respective executive agreements. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could harm our business.
Inability to attract and retain other highly skilled employees could harm our business.
To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition where we maintain offices is
intense, especially for engineers experienced in designing and developing software and experienced sales professionals. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with
appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have and may attempt to recruit our highly skilled employees. In addition, certain domestic immigration laws restrict or
limit our ability to recruit internationally. Any changes to Israeli, United Kingdom, European or the U.S. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our ability to recruit and retain highly
qualified employees.
29
Table of Contents
In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value
of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may harm our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees.
Volatility or lack of appreciation in the price of our ADSs may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key
employees. Many of our senior personnel and other key employees have become, or will soon become, vested in a substantial amount of options. Employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested
options or restricted share units have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase price of the shares or the exercise price of the options, or conversely, if the exercise price of the options that they hold are
significantly above the market price of our ADSs.
Conditions in Israel could materially and adversely affect our business.
Many of our employees, including certain management members, operate from our offices that are located in Tel
Aviv, Israel. In addition, a number of our officers and directors are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel and the surrounding region may directly affect our business and operations. In recent
years, Israel has been engaged in sporadic armed conflicts with certain terrorist organizations and with Iranian-backed military forces in Syria. Some of these hostilities were accompanied by missiles being fired from the Gaza Strip against civilian
targets in various parts of Israel, including areas in which our employees and some of our consultants are located, and negatively affected business conditions in Israel. In addition, Iran has threatened to attack Israel and may be developing
nuclear weapons. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations and results of operations.
Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism.
Although the Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover
our potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region could negatively affect our business conditions and harm our results of
operations.
Further, in the past, the State of Israel and Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts.
Several countries still restrict business with the State of Israel and with Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our operating results, financial condition or the expansion of our business. A campaign
of boycotts, divestment and sanctions has been undertaken against Israel, which could also adversely impact our business.
In addition, many Israeli citizens are obligated to perform several days, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve
duty each year until they reach the age of 40 (or older, for reservists who are military officers or who have certain occupations) and, in the event of a military conflict, may be called to active duty. In response to increases in terrorist
activity, there have been periods of significant
call-ups
of military reservists. It is possible that there will be military reserve duty
call-ups
in the future. Our
operations could be disrupted by such
call-ups,
which may include the
call-up
of members of our management. Such disruption could materially adversely affect our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
Your rights and responsibilities as our shareholder will be
governed by Israeli law, which may differ in some respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S. corporations.
We are incorporated under Israeli law. The rights and responsibilities of holders of our ordinary shares are governed by our
amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering and the Companies Law. These rights and responsibilities differ in some respects from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders in typical U.S.
corporations. In particular, pursuant to the Companies Law each shareholder of an
30
Table of Contents
Israeli company has to act in good faith and in a customary manner in exercising his, her or its rights and fulfilling his, her or its obligations toward the Company and other shareholders and to
refrain from abusing his, her or its power in the Company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting of shareholders, on amendments to a company’s articles of association, increases in a company’s authorized share
capital, mergers and certain transactions requiring shareholders’ approval under the Companies Law. In addition, a controlling shareholder of an Israeli company or a shareholder who knows that it possesses the power to determine the outcome of
a shareholder vote or who has the power to appoint or prevent the appointment of a director or officer in the Company, or has other powers toward the Company has a duty of fairness toward the Company. However, Israeli law does not define the
substance of this duty of fairness. There is little case law available to assist in understanding the implications of these provisions that govern shareholder behavior.
Provisions of Israeli law and our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering may
delay, prevent or make undesirable an acquisition of all or a significant portion of our ADSs or assets.
Provisions of Israeli law and our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this
offering could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or our shareholders to elect different individuals to our board of directors, even if doing so would be
considered to be beneficial by some of our shareholders, and may limit the price that investors may be willing to pay in the future for our ordinary shares. Among other things:
•
Israeli corporate law regulates mergers and requires that a tender offer be effected when more than a
specified percentage of shares in a company are purchased;
•
Israeli corporate law requires special approvals for certain transactions involving directors, officers or
significant shareholders and regulates other matters that may be relevant to these types of transactions;
•
Israeli corporate law does not provide for shareholder action by written consent for public companies, thereby
requiring all shareholder actions to be taken at a general meeting of shareholders;
•
our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering generally
require a vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote present and voting on the matter at a general meeting of shareholders (referred to as simple majority), and the amendment of a limited number of
provisions, such as the provision dividing our directors into three classes, requires a vote of the holders of     % of our outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote at a general meeting;
•
our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering do not
permit a director to be removed except by a vote of the holders of at least     % of our outstanding shares entitled to vote at a general meeting of shareholders; and
•
our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering provide
that director vacancies may be filled by our board of directors.
Further, Israeli tax considerations
may make potential transactions undesirable to us or to some of our shareholders whose country of residence does not have a tax treaty with Israel granting tax relief to such shareholders from Israeli tax. For example, Israeli tax law does not
recognize
tax-free
share exchanges to the same extent as U.S. tax law. With respect to mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain circumstances but makes the deferral contingent on the
fulfillment of numerous conditions, including a holding period of two years from the date of the transaction during which certain sales and dispositions of shares of the participating companies are restricted. Moreover, with respect to certain share
swap transactions, the tax deferral is limited in time, and when such time expires, the tax becomes payable even if no disposition of the shares has occurred.
31
Table of Contents
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing
of this offering provide that unless we consent to an alternate forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), which may limit the ability of our shareholders to initiate litigation against us or increase the cost thereof.
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering provide that unless we
consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions, and accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. While the federal forum provision
in our amended and restated articles of association does not restrict the ability of our shareholders to bring claims under the Securities Act, we recognize that it may limit shareholders’ ability to bring a claim in the judicial forum that
they find favorable and may increase certain litigation costs, which may discourage the filing of claims under the Securities Act against the Company, its directors and officers. However, the enforceability of similar forum provisions (including
exclusive federal forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act) in other companies’ organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and there is uncertainty
as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated articles of association. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated articles of association to be
inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We note that
investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
It may be difficult to enforce a U.S. judgment against us, our officers and directors in Israel or the United States, or to assert U.S.
securities laws claims in Israel or serve process on our officers and directors.
Not all of our directors or
officers are residents of the United States and most of their and our assets are located outside the United States. Service of process upon us or our
non-U.S.
resident directors and officers and enforcement of
judgments obtained in the United States against us or our
non-U.S.
our directors and executive officers may be difficult to obtain within the United States. We have been informed by our legal counsel in Israel
that it may be difficult to assert claims under U.S. securities laws in original actions instituted in Israel or obtain a judgment based on the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim
based on a violation of U.S. securities laws against us or our
non-U.S.
officers and directors because Israel may not be the most appropriate forum to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an Israeli court
agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly
process. Certain matters of procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. There is little binding case law in Israel addressing the matters described above. Israeli courts might not enforce judgments rendered outside Israel, which may make it
difficult to collect on judgments rendered against us or our
non-U.S.
officers and directors.
Moreover, an Israeli court will not enforce a
non-Israeli
judgment if it was given in
a state whose laws do not provide for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts (subject to exceptional cases), if its enforcement is likely to prejudice the sovereignty or security of the State of Israel, if it was obtained by fraud or in the
absence of due process, if it is at variance with another valid judgment that was given in the same matter between the same parties, or if a suit in the same matter between the same parties was pending before a court or tribunal in Israel at the
time the foreign action was brought. For more information, see “
Enforceability of Civil Liabilities
.”
32
Table of Contents
Risks Relating to Our Financial Position
Our operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase the risk associated with your
investment.
Our business has evolved over time, including through transformative acquisitions such as our
acquisitions of RhythmOne plc (“RhythmOne”) in 2019 and Unruly Holdings Limited and Unruly Media, Inc. (collectively, “Unruly”) in 2020, such that our operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and
future prospects. As a result of such acquisitions, our financial results across different periods may not be directly comparable. We expect to face challenges, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly developing
industries, including those relating to:
•
recruiting, integrating and retaining qualified and motivated employees, particularly engineers;
•
developing, maintaining and expanding relationships with publishers, agencies and advertisers;
•
innovating and developing new solutions that are adopted by and meet the needs of publishers, agencies and
advertisers;
•
competing against companies with a larger customer base or greater financial or technical resources;
•
global economic disruption and technological changes driven by the
COVID-19
pandemic;
•
further expanding our global footprint;
•
managing expenses as we invest in our infrastructure and platform technology to scale our business and operate
as a U.S. listed public company; and
•
responding to evolving industry standards and government regulations that impact our business, particularly in
the areas of data protection and consumer privacy.
If we are not successful in addressing these and
other issues, our business may suffer, our revenue may decline and we may not be able to achieve further growth or sustain profitability.
We often have long sales cycles, which can result in significant time and investment between initial contact with a prospect and
execution of an agreement with an advertiser or publisher, making it difficult to project when, if at all, we will obtain new advertisers or publisher and when we will generate revenue from them.
Our sales cycle, from initial contact to contract execution and implementation, can take significant time. As part of our sales
cycle, we may incur significant expenses before we generate any revenue from a prospective advertiser or publisher. We have no assurance that the substantial time and money spent on our sales efforts will generate significant revenue. If conditions
in the marketplace, generally or with a specific prospective advertiser or publisher, change negatively, it is possible that we will be unable to recover any of these expenses. Our sales efforts involve educating advertisers and publishers about the
use, technical capabilities and benefits of our platform. Some advertisers and publishers undertake an evaluation process that frequently involves not only our platform but also the offerings of our competitors. As a result, it is difficult to
predict when we will obtain new advertisers or publishers and begin generating revenue from them. Even if our sales efforts result in obtaining a new advertiser or publisher, such advertiser or publisher controls when and to what extent it uses our
platform and therefore the amount of revenue we generate, and it may not sufficiently justify the expenses incurred to acquire the advertiser or publisher and the related training support. As a result, we may not be able to add advertisers or
publishers to our customer base, or generate revenue, as quickly as we may expect, which could harm our growth prospects.
We are
subject to payment-related risks and, if our advertisers do not pay or dispute their invoices, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
Many of our contracts with advertising agencies provide that if the advertiser does not pay the agency, the agency is not
liable to us, and we must seek payment solely from the advertiser, a type of arrangement called
33
Table of Contents
sequential liability. Contracting with these agencies, which in some cases have or may develop higher-risk credit profiles, may subject us to greater credit risk than if we were to contract
directly with advertisers. This credit risk may vary depending on the nature of an advertising agency’s aggregated advertiser base. We may also be involved in disputes with agencies and their marketers over the operation of our platform, the
terms of our agreements or our billings for purchases made by them through our platform. When we are unable to collect or make adjustments to our bills to advertisers, we incur write-offs for bad debt, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In the future, bad debt may exceed reserves for such contingencies and our bad debt exposure may increase over time. Any increase in write-offs for bad debt could have a
materially negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
Furthermore, we are generally
contractually required to pay suppliers of advertising inventory and data within a negotiated period of time, regardless of whether our advertisers or publishers pay us on time, or at all. While we attempt to negotiate long payment periods with our
suppliers and shorter periods with our advertisers and publishers, we are not always successful. As a result, our accounts payable are often due on shorter cycles than our accounts receivables, requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and
accept the risk of bad debt.
This payment process will increasingly consume working capital if we continue to be
successful in growing our business. In addition, like many companies in our industry, we often experience slow payment by advertising agencies. In this regard, we had average days sales outstanding (“DSO”), of 113 days and average days
payable outstanding (“DPO”), of 77 days for the year ended December 31, 2020. We compute our average DSO as of a given month end based on a weighted average of outstanding accounts receivable. Specifically, the DSO is calculated by
multiplying the percentage of accounts receivable outstanding for each monthly billing period by the number of days outstanding related to each billing period and then summing the weighted days outstanding. We compute our DPO as of a given month end
by dividing our trade payables (including accrued liabilities) by the average daily cost of media, data, other direct costs and certain operating expenses over the prior four months. Historically, our DSOs have fluctuated. If our DSOs increase
significantly, and we are unable to borrow against these receivables on commercially acceptable terms, our working capital availability could be reduced, and as a consequence our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely
impacted. We cannot assure you that as we continue to grow, our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our working capital needs. If our cash flows are insufficient to fund our working capital requirements, we may not be
able to grow at the rate we currently expect or at all.
Future acquisitions or strategic investments could be difficult to identify
and integrate, divert the attention of management, and could disrupt our business, dilute shareholder value and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
As part of our growth strategy we have pursued in the past transformative acquisitions, such as our recent acquisitions of
RhythmOne in 2019 and Unruly in 2020, and we may acquire or invest in other businesses, assets or technologies that are complementary to our business and align with our strategic goals. Any acquisition or investment may divert the attention of
management and require us to use significant amounts of cash, issue dilutive equity securities or incur debt. In addition, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment may not be realized, and we may be exposed to unknown risks, any of
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including risks arising from:
•
difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, product or service offerings, administrative systems
and personnel of acquired businesses, especially if those businesses operate outside of our core competency or geographies in which we currently operate;
•
ineffectiveness or incompatibility of acquired technologies or solutions;
•
potential loss of key employees of the acquired business;
34
Table of Contents
•
inability to maintain key business relationships and reputation of the acquired business;
•
diversion of management attention from other business concerns;
•
litigation arising from the acquisition or the activities of the acquired business, including claims from
terminated employees, customers, former shareholders or other third parties;
•
assumption of contractual obligations that contain terms that are not beneficial to us, require us to license
or waive intellectual property rights, or increase our risk of liability;
•
complications in the integration of acquired businesses or diminished prospects, including as a result of the
COVID-19
pandemic and its global economic effects;
•
failure to generate the expected financial results related to an acquisition on a timely manner or at all;
•
failure to accurately forecast the impact of an acquisition transaction; and
•
implementation or remediation of effective controls, procedures and policies for acquired businesses.
To fund future acquisitions, we may pay cash or issue additional ADSs, which could dilute our
shareholders’ value or diminish our cash reserves. Borrowing to fund an acquisition would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that could limit our ability to effectively run our
business.
Risks Relating to Legal or Regulatory Constraints
We are subject to regulation with respect to political advertising, which lacks clarity and uniformity.
We are subject to regulation with respect to political advertising activities, which are governed by various federal and state
laws in the United States and national and provincial laws worldwide. Online political advertising laws are rapidly evolving and our publishers may impose restrictions on receiving political advertising. The lack of uniformity and increasing
compliance requirements around political advertising may adversely impact the amount of political advertising spent through our platform, increase our operating and compliance costs and subject us to potential liability from regulatory agencies.
We are subject to laws and regulations related to data privacy, data protection and information security and consumer protection
across different markets where we conduct our business, including in the United States, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom and industry requirements and such laws, regulations and industry requirements are constantly
evolving and changing.
We receive, store and process data about or related to consumers in addition to
advertisers, publishers, employees and services providers. Our handling of this data is subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign laws and regulations and is subject to regulation by various government authorities and other regulatory
bodies. Our data handling is also subject to contractual obligations and may be deemed to be subject to industry standards.
The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection,
distribution, use and storage of data relating to individuals, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the United States, various laws and
regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure and security of certain types of data. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer
protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions that may not only expose us to litigation,
fines and civil and/or criminal penalties but may also require us to change our business practices as well as have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
35
Table of Contents
The regulatory framework for and enforcement of data privacy issues
worldwide is currently evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. The occurrence of unanticipated events often rapidly drives the adoption of legislation or regulation affecting the use, collection or other processing of
data and manners in which we conduct our business. Restrictions could be placed upon the collection, management, aggregation and use of information, which could result in a material increase in the cost of collecting or otherwise obtaining certain
kinds of data and could limit the ways in which we may use or disclose information. In particular, interest-based advertising, or the use of data to draw inferences about a user’s interests and deliver relevant advertising to that user, and
similar or related practices (sometimes referred to as behavioral advertising or personalized advertising), such as cross-device data collection and aggregation, steps taken to
de-identify
personal data, and
to use and distribute the resulting data, including for purposes of personalization and the targeting of advertisements, have come under increasing scrutiny by legislative, regulatory and self-regulatory bodies in the United States and abroad that
focus on consumer protection or data privacy. Much of this scrutiny has focused on the use of cookies and other technology to collect information about consumers’ online browsing activity on web browsers, mobile devices and other devices, to
associate such data with user or device identifiers or
de-identified
identities across devices and channels.
In addition, providers of Internet browsers, app stores or platforms such as Apple or Google have engaged in, or announced
plans to continue or expand, efforts to provide increased visibility into, and certain controls over, cookies and similar technologies and the data collected using such technologies, as further described above in the section “—
Risks
Relating to our Business— If the use of digital advertising is rejected by consumers, through
opt-in,
opt-out
or
ad-blocking
technologies or other means, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition
.” For example, in January 2020, Google announced that the Chrome browser will block third-party cookies at some
point during the subsequent 24 months. Such providers could also change their technical requirements, guidelines or policies in other ways that adversely impact the way in which we or our customers collect, use and share data from user devices,
including restricting our ability to use or read device identifiers, other tracking features or other device data. Because we, our advertisers and our publishers, rely upon large volumes of such data collected primarily through cookies and similar
technologies, it is possible that these efforts may have a substantial impact on our ability to collect and use data from consumers, and it is essential that we monitor developments in this area domestically and globally, and engage in responsible
privacy practices, including providing consumers with notice of the types of data we collect, how we use that data to provide our services and the ability to opt out of such use. There also is the risk that a provider could limit or discontinue our
access to its platform or app store if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that it is in their business interests to do so, and we would have no recourse against any such provider, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business.
In the United States, the U.S. Congress and state legislatures,
along with federal regulatory authorities have recently increased their attention on matters concerning the collection and use of consumer data, including by digital advertisers. For example, the FTC regulates digital advertising through the Federal
Trade Commission Act, which prohibits “unfair” or “deceptive” trade practices, including misrepresentations regarding the collection and use of consumer data. States have also begun to introduce more comprehensive privacy
legislation. California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”) that took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents expanded rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out
of sale of their personal information, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches, which is
expected to increase the volume and success of class action data breach litigation. In addition to increasing our compliance costs and potential liability, the CCPA created restrictions on “sales” of personal information that may restrict
the disclosure of personal information for advertising purposes. Our advertising business relies, in part, on such disclosure, and decreased availability and increased costs of information could adversely affect our ability to meet advertisers’
and publishers’ requirements and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
36
Table of Contents
We will also be subject to the forthcoming California Privacy Rights Act
(“CPRA”), which was passed into law on November 3, 2020, but will not take substantial effect until January 1, 2023. The CPRA will significantly modify the CCPA, including increasing regulation on online advertising and
particularly cross-context behavioral advertising, potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. The effects of the CCPA and CPRA are potentially significant and may
require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation.
The CCPA has encouraged “copycat” laws and in other states across the country, such as in Virginia and Washington.
This legislation may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment in resources to compliance programs and could impact strategies and availability of previously useful
data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes in business practices and policies.
In the EEA, we are
subject to the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and in the United Kingdom, we are subject to the United Kingdom data protection regime consisting primarily of the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data
Protection Act 2018, in each case in relation to our collection, control, processing, sharing, disclosure and other use of data relating to an identifiable living individual (personal data). The GDPR, and national implementing legislation in EEA
member states and the United Kingdom, impose a strict data protection compliance regime including: providing detailed disclosures about how personal data is collected and processed (in a concise, intelligible and easily accessible form);
demonstrating that an appropriate legal basis is in place or otherwise exists to justify data processing activities; granting new rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data (including the right to be “forgotten” and the
right to data portability), as well as enhancing current rights (e.g., data subject access requests); introducing the obligation to notify data protection regulators or supervisory authorities (and in certain cases, affected individuals) of
significant data breaches; defining for the first time pseudonymized (i.e.,
key-coded)
data; imposing limitations on retention of personal data; maintaining a record of data processing; and complying with the
principal of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit. Fines for certain breaches of the GDPR and the UK data protection regime are significant (e.g., fines for certain breaches of
the GDPR are up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4% of total global annual turnover). In addition to the foregoing, a breach of the GDPR or UK GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/ change our
processing of our data, enforcement notices and/ or assessment notices (for a compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm),
potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources and reputational harm.
Further, in the European Union and the United Kingdom, we are subject to evolving EU and UK privacy laws on cookies and
e-marketing.
Regulators in these countries are increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem, and current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive
are highly likely to be replaced by an EU regulation known as the ePrivacy Regulation which will significantly increase fines for
non-compliance.
While the text of the ePrivacy Regulation is still under
development, a recent European court decision and regulators’ recent guidance are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. As regulators start to enforce the strict approach (which has already begun to occur in Germany,
where data protection authorities have initiated a probe on third-party cookies), this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology
personnel and subject us to additional liabilities.
We are also subject to laws and regulations that dictate whether, how
and under what circumstances we can transfer, process and/or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services.
Specifically, the GDPR, UK GDPR and other European and UK data protection laws generally prohibit the transfer of personal data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland, to the United States and most other countries unless the transfer is to an
37
Table of Contents
entity established in a country deemed to be provide adequate protection (such as Israel) or the parties to the transfer have implemented specific safeguards to protect the transferred personal
data. Where we transfer personal data outside the EEA to a country that is not deemed to be “adequate,” we ensure we comply with applicable laws including where we can rely on derogations (e.g., where the transfer is necessary for the
performance of a contract) or we may put in place standard contractual clauses.
In addition, some jurisdictions may
impose data localization laws, which require personal information, or certain subcategories of personal information to be stored in the jurisdiction of origin. These regulations may inhibit our ability to expand into those markets or prohibit us
from continuing to offer our products in those markets without significant additional costs.
We also depend on a number
of third-parties in relation to the operation of our business, a number of which process personal data on our behalf. With each such provider we attempt to mitigate the associated risks of using third parties by conducting due diligence, entering
into contractual arrangements to require that providers only process personal data in accordance with the applicable laws, and that they have appropriate technical and organizational security measures in place. Where we transfer personal data
outside the EEA or the United Kingdom to such third parties, we do so in compliance with the relevant data export requirements, as described above. There is no assurance that these contractual measures and our own privacy and security-related
safeguards will protect us from the risks associated with the third-party processing, storage and transmission of such information. Any violation of data or security laws by our third-party processors could have a material adverse effect on our
business and result in the fines and penalties outlined above. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us, our
advertisers or our publishers. We are members of self-regulatory bodies such as Data Advertising Alliance, European Digital Advertising Alliance, Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada, National Advertising Initiative and Interactive Advertising
Bureau (“IAB”), among others, that impose additional requirements related to the collection, use and disclosure of consumer data. Under the requirements of these self-regulatory bodies, in addition to other compliance obligations, we are
obligated to provide consumers with notice about our use of cookies and other technologies to collect consumer data and of our collection and use of consumer data for certain purposes, and to provide consumers with certain choices relating to the
use of consumer data. Some of these self-regulatory bodies have the ability to discipline members or participants, which could result in fines, penalties and/or public censure (which could in turn cause reputational harm). Additionally, some of
these self-regulatory bodies might refer violations of their requirements to the FTC or other regulatory bodies. If we were to be found responsible for such a violation, it could adversely affect our reputation, as well as our business, results of
operations and financial condition.
Any failure to achieve the required data protection standards (which are sometimes
unclear when applied to the online advertising ecosystem) may result in lawsuits, regulatory fines or other actions or liability, all of which may harm our results of operations. Because the interpretation and application of privacy and data
protection laws such as the CCPA and GDPR, and the related regulations and standards, are uncertain, it is possible that these laws, regulations and standards may be interpreted and applied in manners that are, or are asserted to be, inconsistent
with our data management practices or the technological features of our solutions.
We face potential liability and harm to our
business based on the nature of our business and the content on our platform.
Advertising often results in
litigation relating to misleading or deceptive claims, copyright or trademark infringement, public performance royalties or other claims based on the nature and content of advertising that is distributed through our platform. Though we contractually
require advertisers to generally represent to us that their advertisements comply with our ad standards and our inventory providers’ ad standards and that they have the rights necessary to serve advertisements through our platform, we do not
independently verify whether we are permitted to deliver, or review the content of, such advertisements. If any of these representations are untrue, we may be exposed to potential liability and our reputation may be damaged. While our advertisers
are typically
38
Table of Contents
obligated to indemnify us, such indemnification may not fully cover us, or we may not be able to collect. In addition to settlement costs, we may be responsible for our own litigation costs,
which can be expensive.
We are subject to anti-bribery, anti-corruption and similar laws and
non-compliance
with such laws can subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and harm our business and reputation.
We may be subject to certain economic and trade sanctions laws and regulations, export control and import laws and regulations,
including those that are administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other relevant governmental
authorities.
We are also subject to the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, Chapter 9
(sub-chapter
5) of the Israeli Penal Law, 5737-1977, the Israeli Prohibition on Money Laundering Law, 5760-2000 and other anti-bribery laws in countries in which we conduct our activities. These laws generally
prohibit companies, their employees and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or accepting, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to or from any person whether in the public or
private sector. In addition, the FCPA’s accounting provisions require us to maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. We have policies, procedures, systems and controls designed to promote compliance with
applicable anti-corruption laws.
As we increase our global sales and business, we may engage with business partners and
third-party intermediaries to market our solutions and obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of
government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not
authorize such activities.
Our advertisers or publishers may have consumers in countries that are subject to U.S.
economic sanctions laws and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), the Israeli Trade with the Enemy Ordinance, 1939 and sanction laws of the EU and other applicable jurisdictions, which prohibit the sale
of products to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties (“Sanctioned Countries”). We have taken steps to avoid serving advertisements to consumers located in Sanctioned Countries and are implementing various control mechanisms
designed to prevent unauthorized dealings with Sanctioned Countries going forward. Although we have taken precautions to prevent our solutions from being provided, deployed or used in violation of sanctions laws, due to the remote nature of our
solutions and the potential for manipulation using VPNs, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to sanctions compliance will prevent any violations in the future. If we are found to be in violation of any applicable sanctions
regulations, it can result in significant fines or penalties and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers, as well as reputational harm and loss of business.
Despite our compliance efforts and activities, there can be no assurance that our employees or representatives will comply
with the relevant laws and we may be held responsible. Noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, economic and trade sanctions and other trade laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations,
sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with certain persons, the loss of
export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are initiated, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or
criminal litigation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. Responding to any action could result in a materially significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant
defense and compliance costs and other professional fees. In addition, regulatory authorities may seek to hold us liable for successor liability for violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we
39
Table of Contents
acquire. As a general matter, enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Risks Relating to Our ADSs and the Offering
The price of our ADSs may be volatile, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
The initial public offering price for the ADSs sold in this offering will be determined by negotiation between us and
representatives of the underwriters. This price may not reflect the market price of our ADSs following this offering and the price of our ADSs may decline. In addition, the market price of our ADSs could be highly volatile and may fluctuate
substantially as a result of many factors, including:
•
actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations;
•
variance in our financial performance from the expectations of market analysts;
•
announcements by us or our direct or indirect competition of significant business developments, changes in
service provider relationships, acquisitions or expansion plans;
•
the impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic on our management, employees,
partners, merchants and operating results;
•
changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement of laws or
regulations affecting our business;
•
changes in our pricing model;
•
our involvement in litigation or regulatory actions;
•
our sale of ADSs or other securities in the future;
•
the implementation of a buyback program for our ADSs or ordinary shares;
•
market conditions in our industry;
•
changes in key personnel;
•
the duel listing and the trading of our ordinary shares on the AIM;
•
the trading volume of our ADSs;
•
publication of research reports or news stories about us, our competition or our industry, or positive or
negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities analysts;
•
changes in the estimation of the future size and growth rate of our markets; and
•
general economic and market conditions.
In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may
materially harm the market price of our ADSs, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted
against that company. If we were involved in any similar litigation we could incur substantial costs and our management’s attention and resources could be diverted.
There has been no prior public market for our ADSs prior to this offering, and an active trading market may not develop in which
investors can resell our ADSs.
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our ADSs, although our
ordinary shares have traded on AIM. An active trading market for our ADSs may not develop following the closing of this offering or, if developed, may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your ADSs at the
40
Table of Contents
time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling ADSs and may impair our ability to acquire other
companies by using our ADSs as consideration.
If we do not meet the expectations of equity research analysts, if they do not
publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our ADSs, the price of our ADSs could decline.
The trading market for our ADSs will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us
and our business. The analysts’ estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. If our results of operations are below the estimates or expectations of public market analysts and
investors, the price of our ADSs could decline. Moreover, the price of our ADSs could decline if one or more securities analysts downgrade our ADSs or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our
business.
The dual listing of our ordinary shares and our ADSs following this offering may adversely affect the liquidity and value
of our ordinary shares and ADSs.
Following this offering and after our ADSs begin trading on
, our ordinary shares will continue to be admitted to trading on AIM in a different currency (U.S. dollars on
, and £ on the AIM), and at different times (resulting from different time zones and different public holidays in the United States and the U.K.). We cannot predict the
effect of this dual listing on the value of our ADSs and ordinary shares. However, the dual listing of our ADSs and ordinary shares may dilute the liquidity of these securities in one or both markets and may adversely affect the development of an
active trading market for our ADSs in the United States. The price of our ADSs could also be adversely affected by trading in our ordinary shares on AIM. Although our ordinary shares are currently admitted to trading on AIM, we may decide to cancel
the admission of our ordinary shares to trading on AIM. Cancellation of the admission of our ordinary shares to trading on AIM would require the requisite consent of shareholders in a general meeting prescribed by AIM Rules for Companies, unless the
London Stock Exchange agrees otherwise. We cannot predict the effect such cancellation would have on the market price of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
We are eligible to be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in the Securities Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced
disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our ADSs less attractive to investors because we may rely on these reduced disclosure requirements.
We are eligible to be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified
by the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies,
including presenting only limited selected financial data and not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain
information that they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if our total annual revenue exceeds $1.07 billion, if we issue
more than $1.0 billion in
non-convertible
debt securities during any three-year period, or if before that time we are a “large accelerated filer” under U.S. securities laws. We cannot predict if
investors will find our ADSs less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our ordinary shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our ordinary shares and our share price may
be more volatile.
41
Table of Contents
We will be a foreign private issuer and, as a result, we will not be subject to U.S.
proxy rules and will be subject to Exchange Act reporting obligations that, to some extent, are more lenient and less frequent than those of a U.S. domestic public company.
Upon the closing of this offering, we will report under the Exchange Act as a
non-U.S.
company with foreign private issuer status. Because we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act. We are exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public companies, including
(1) the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act, (2) the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public
reports of their share ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time and (3) the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of quarterly reports on Form
10-Q
containing unaudited financial and other specified information, although we are subject to Israeli laws and regulations with regard to certain of these matters and intend to furnish comparable quarterly
information on Form
6-K.
In addition, foreign private issuers are not required to file their annual report on Form
20-F
until 120 days after the end of each fiscal year,
while U.S. domestic issuers that are accelerated filers are required to file their annual report on Form
10-K
within 75 days after the end of each fiscal year and U.S. domestic issuers that are large
accelerated filers are required to file their annual report on Form
10-K
within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year. Foreign private issuers are also exempt from Regulation FD, which is intended to
prevent issuers from making selective disclosures of material information. As a result of all of the above, you may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of a company that is not a foreign private issuer.
We may lose our “foreign private issuer” status in the future, which could result in significant additional costs and
expenses.
As discussed above, we are a foreign private issuer, and therefore, we are not required to comply with
all of the periodic disclosure and current reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. The determination of foreign private issuer status is made annually on the last business day of an issuer’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter,
and, accordingly, the next determination will be made with respect to us on June 30, 2021. In the future, we would lose our foreign private issuer status if (1) more than 50% of our outstanding voting securities are owned by U.S. residents
and (2) a majority of our directors or executive officers are U.S. citizens or residents, or we fail to meet additional requirements necessary to avoid loss of foreign private issuer status. If we lose our foreign private issuer status, we will
be required to file with the SEC periodic reports and registration statements on U.S. domestic issuer forms, which are more detailed and extensive than the forms available to a foreign private issuer. We will also have to mandatorily comply with
U.S. federal proxy requirements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders will become subject to the short-swing profit disclosure and recovery provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we will lose our ability to
rely upon exemptions from certain corporate governance rules of                 . As a U.S. listed public company that is not a foreign private issuer, we will incur
significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we will not incur as a foreign private issuer.
As we are a
“foreign private issuer” and intend to follow certain home country corporate governance practices, our shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all
corporate governance rules of                 .
As a foreign private issuer, we have the option to follow certain home country corporate governance practices rather than those
of                  , provided that we disclose the requirements we are not following and describe the home country practices we are following. We intend to rely on this
“foreign private issuer exemption” with respect to                  rules for shareholder meeting quorums and
rules requiring shareholder approval. We may in the future elect to follow home country practices with regard to other matters. As a result, our
shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all                  corporate governance rules of
.
42
Table of Contents
The market price of our ADSs could be negatively affected by future issuances and
sales of our ADSs or ordinary shares.
After this offering, there will be
ordinary shares outstanding. Sales by us or our shareholders of a substantial number of ADSs or ordinary shares in the public market following this
offering, or the perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our ADSs to decline or could impair our ability to raise capital through a future sale of, or pay for acquisitions using, our equity securities. Of our issued
and outstanding shares, all the ADSs sold in this offering will be freely transferable, except for any shares acquired by our “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
There can be no assurance that we will not be classified as a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S.
federal income tax consequences to United States Holders of our ADSs.
We would be classified as a passive foreign
investment company (“PFIC”) for any taxable year if, after the application of certain look-through rules, either: (i) 75% or more of our gross income for such year is “passive income” (as defined in the relevant provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), or (ii) 50% or more of the value of our assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. For
these purposes, cash and other assets readily convertible into cash or that do or could generate passive income are categorized as passive assets, and the value of goodwill and other unbooked intangible assets is generally taken into account.
Passive income generally includes, among other things, rents, dividends, interest, royalties, gains from the disposition of passive assets and gains from commodities and securities transactions. For purposes of this test, we will be treated as
owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share of the income of any other corporation of which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of the stock. Based on the current and anticipated composition of our
income, assets and operations, and the expected price of the ADSs in this offering, we do not expect to be treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year or in the foreseeable future. However, whether we are a PFIC is a factual determination that
must be made annually after the close of each taxable year. Moreover, the value of our assets for purposes of the PFIC determination may be determined by reference to the public price of our ADSs at this initial public offering and future prices,
which could fluctuate significantly. In addition, it is possible that the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) may take a contrary position with respect to our determination in any particular year, and therefore, there can be no assurance
that we will not be classified as a PFIC in the current taxable year or in the future. Certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences could apply to a United States Holder (as defined in “
Taxation—U.S. Federal Income Tax
Considerations
”) if we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year during which such United States Holder holds our ADSs. United States Holders should consult their tax advisors about the potential application of the PFIC rules to their
investment in our ADSs. For further discussion, see “
Taxation—Passive Foreign Investment Company
.”
If a
United States person is treated as owning at least 10% of our ADSs, such holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.
If a United States person is treated as owning (directly, indirectly or constructively) at least 10% of the value or voting
power of our ADSs, such person may be treated as a “United States shareholder” with respect to each controlled foreign corporation (“CFC”) in our group (if any). Because our group includes U.S. subsidiaries, certain of our
non-U.S.
subsidiaries could be treated as CFCs (regardless of whether or not we are treated as a CFC). A United States shareholder of a CFC may be required to report annually and include in its U.S. taxable income
its pro rata share of “Subpart F income,” “global intangible
low-taxed
income,” and investments in U.S. property by CFCs, regardless of whether we make any distributions. An individual that
is a United States shareholder with respect to a CFC generally would not be allowed certain tax deductions or foreign tax credits that would be allowed to a United States shareholder that is a U.S. corporation. Failure to comply with these reporting
obligations may subject a United States shareholder to significant monetary penalties and may prevent the statute of limitations with respect to such shareholder’s U.S. federal income tax return for the year for which
43
Table of Contents
reporting was due from starting. We cannot provide any assurances that we will assist investors in determining whether we are or any of our
non-U.S.
subsidiaries is treated as a CFC or whether any investor is treated as a United States shareholder with respect to any such CFC or furnish to any United States shareholders information that may be necessary to comply with the aforementioned
reporting and tax paying obligations. The IRS has provided limited guidance on situations in which investors may rely on publicly available information to comply with their reporting and tax paying obligations with respect to foreign-controlled
CFCs. A United States investor should consult its advisors regarding the potential application of these rules to an investment in our ADSs.
If you purchase ADSs in this offering, you will suffer immediate dilution of your investment.
We expect the initial public offering price of our ADSs in this offering to be substantially higher than the net tangible book
value per ADS prior to this offering. Therefore, if you purchase ADSs in this offering, you will pay a price per ADS that substantially exceeds our net tangible book value per ADS after this offering. To the extent additional ordinary shares are
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or the vesting of outstanding RSUs, you may experience further dilution. Based on the assumed initial public offering price of
$            per ADS, which reflects the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of
£                on                , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of
£1.00 to $1.            ), you will experience immediate dilution of $            per ADS, representing the difference
between our net tangible book value per ADS and per ordinary share after giving effect to this and the assumed offering price. See “
Dilution
.”
We have broad discretion over the use of proceeds we receive in this offering and may not apply the proceeds in ways that increase the
value of your investment.
We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital, general
corporate purposes and to fund incremental growth, including for possible acquisitions. However, we do not currently have any definitive or preliminary plans with respect to the use of proceeds for such purposes. Consequently, our management will
have broad discretion over the specific use of these net proceeds and may do so in a way with which our investors disagree. The failure by our management to apply and invest these funds effectively may not yield a favorable return to our investors
and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. If we do not use the net proceeds that we receive in
this offering effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
We will incur
increased costs as a result of operating as a U.S. listed public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives and corporate governance practices.
As a U.S. listed public company, and particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company, we will incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur previously. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and the Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of
and their applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on
non-U.S.
reporting companies, including
establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these
rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain
director and officer liability insurance and make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors.
We are evaluating these rules and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or
the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by
regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices.
44
Table of Contents
Because we may not pay any cash dividends on our ADSs in the future, capital
appreciation, if any, may be your sole source of gains and you may never receive a return on your investment.
Our
board of directors has sole discretion whether to pay dividends. If our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the form, frequency, and amount will depend upon our future, operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general
financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our directors may deem relevant. The Israeli Companies Law, 5759-1999, or the Companies Law, imposes restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends. See
“
Description of Share Capital and Articles of Association
” for additional information. Payment of dividends may also be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. See “
Taxation
” for additional information. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, on our ADSs may be your sole source of gains, and you will suffer a loss on your investment if you are unable to sell your ADSs at or above the offering price. See “
Dividend Policy
.”
Securities traded on AIM may carry a higher risk than securities traded on other exchanges, which may impact the value of your
investment.
Our ordinary shares are currently traded on AIM. Investment in equities traded on AIM is sometimes
perceived to carry a higher risk than an investment in equities quoted on exchanges with more stringent listing requirements, such as the main market of the London Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. This is because
AIM is less heavily regulated and imposes less stringent corporate governance and ongoing reporting requirements than those other exchanges. In addition, AIM requires only half-yearly, rather than quarterly (which would apply to us in the U.S., if
we are no longer classified as a foreign private issuer), financial reporting. You should be aware that the value of our ordinary shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which may be specific to us and some of which may affect
AIM-quoted
companies generally, including the depth and liquidity of the market, our performance, a large or small volume of trading in our ordinary shares, legislative changes and general economic, political or
regulatory conditions, and that the prices may be volatile and subject to extensive fluctuations. Therefore, the market price of our ordinary shares, our ADSs or the ordinary shares underlying our ADSs, may not reflect the underlying value of our
company.
You may not be able to exercise your right to vote the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs.
ADS holders may only exercise voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their respective ADSs in accordance
with the provisions of the deposit agreement, which provides that a holder may vote the ordinary shares underlying any ADSs for any particular matter to be voted on by our shareholders either by withdrawing the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs
or, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as permitted by the depositary, by requesting a temporary registration as shareholder and authorizing the depositary to act as proxy. However, you may not know about the meeting far enough in advance
to withdraw those ordinary shares, and after such a withdrawal you would no longer hold ADSs, but rather you would directly hold the underlying ordinary shares. You also may not know about the meeting far enough in advance to request a temporary
registration.
The depositary will try, as far as practical, to vote the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs as instructed
by the ADS holders. In such an instance, if we ask for your instructions, the depositary, upon timely notice from us, will notify you of the upcoming vote and arrange to deliver our voting materials to you. We cannot guarantee that you will receive
the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the depositary to vote your ordinary shares or to withdraw your ordinary shares so that you can vote them yourself. If the depositary does not receive timely voting instructions from you,
it may give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by us to vote the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs; provided, however, that no such discretionary proxy shall be given with respect to any matter to be voted upon as to which we inform the
depositary that (i) we do not wish such proxy to be given, (ii) substantial opposition exists, or (iii) the rights of holders of ordinary shares may be adversely affected. Voting instructions may be given only in respect of a number
of ADSs representing an integral number of ordinary shares or other deposited securities. In addition, the depositary and its agents are not responsible for
45
Table of Contents
failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting instructions. This means that you may not be able to exercise any right to vote that you may have with respect to
the underlying ordinary shares, and there may be nothing you can do if the ordinary shares underlying your ADSs are not voted as you requested. In addition, the depositary is only required to notify you of any particular vote if it receives notice
from us in advance of the scheduled meeting.
You will not be directly holding our ordinary shares. Holders of the ADSs will not be
able to exercise the preemptive subscription rights related to the ordinary shares that they represent and may suffer dilution of their equity holding in the event of future issuances of our ordinary shares.
As an
AIM-quoted
company, our articles of association currently in effect follow
English law which generally provides shareholders with preemptive rights when new shares are issued for cash. Shareholders’ preemptive subscription rights, in the event of issuances of ordinary shares against cash payment, may be disapplied by
a special resolution of the shareholders at a general meeting of our shareholders. The absence of preemptive rights for existing equity holders may cause dilution to such holders.
Furthermore, the ADS holders would not be entitled, even if such rights accrued to our shareholders in any given instance, to
receive such preemptive subscription rights related to the ordinary shares that they represent. Rather, the depositary is required to endeavor to sell any such subscription rights that may accrue to the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs and to
remit the net proceeds therefrom to the ADS holders pro rata. In addition, if the depositary is unable to sell rights, the depositary will allow the rights to lapse, in which case you will receive no value for these rights. Further, if we offer
holders of our ordinary shares the option to receive dividends in either cash or ordinary shares, under the deposit agreement, ADS holders will not be permitted to elect to receive dividends in ordinary shares or cash, but will receive whichever
option we provide as a default to shareholders who fail to make such an election.
Purchasers of ADSs in this offering may not
receive distributions on our ordinary shares in the form of ADSs or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical to make them available to holders of ADSs.
The depositary for our ADSs has agreed to pay to purchasers of ADSs in this offering the cash dividends or other distributions
it or the custodian receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses. Purchasers of our ADSs will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares their ADSs represent.
However, in accordance with the limitations set forth in the deposit agreement, it may be unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to holders of ADSs. We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of our
ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of our ADSs. This means that purchasers of ADSs in this offering may not receive the distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any value from them if it is unlawful or impractical to
make them available to them. These restrictions may have a material adverse effect on the value of a purchaser’s ADSs.
Purchasers of ADSs in this offering may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.
ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books at any time or from
time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or
at any time if we or the depositary deems it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the deposit agreement, or for any other reason in accordance with the terms of the
deposit agreement.
Exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could negatively impact our results of operations.
While the majority of the transactions through our platform are denominated in U.S. dollars, we have transacted in
foreign currencies, both for inventory and for payments by advertisers or publishers from use of our
46
Table of Contents
platform. We also have expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Given our anticipated international growth, we expect the number of transactions in a variety of foreign
currencies to continue to grow in the future. While we generally require a fee from advertisers or publishers that pay in
non-U.S.
currency, this fee may not always cover foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations. Although we currently have a program to hedge exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, the use of hedging instruments may not be available for all currencies or may not always offset losses resulting from foreign currency exchange
rate fluctuations. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments can itself result in losses if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments.
A small number of significant beneficial owners of our shares acting together have significant influence over matters
requiring shareholder approval, which could delay or prevent a change of control.
The three largest
beneficial owners of our ordinary shares, entities and individuals affiliated with Mithaq Capital SPC, Toscafund Asset Management LLP and Schroder Investment Management, each of which currently beneficially owns more than 10.0% of our outstanding
ordinary shares, and in the aggregate 52.0% of our ordinary shares, are expected to beneficially own in the aggregate            % of our ordinary shares after this offering,
or    % if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional ADSs in this offering. As a result, these shareholders, acting together, could exercise significant influence over our operations and business
strategy and will have sufficient voting power to influence the outcome of matters requiring shareholder approval. These matters may include:
•
the composition of our board of directors which has the authority to direct our business and to appoint and
remove our officers;
•
approving or rejecting a merger, consolidation or other business combination;
•
raising future capital; and
•
amending our articles of association which govern the rights attached to our ordinary shares.
This concentration of ownership of our ADSs or ordinary shares could delay or prevent proxy contests,
mergers, tender offers, open-market purchase programs or other purchases of our ADSs or ordinary shares that might otherwise give you the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our ADSs. This concentration of
ownership may also adversely affect our share price.
47
Table of Contents
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This prospectus contains estimates and forward-looking statements. In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be
identified by words or phrases such as “may,” “might,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“seek,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue,” “contemplate,” “possible” or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus include, but are not limited to, statements about:
•
our success and revenue growth is dependent on adding new advertisers and publishers, effectively educating
and training our existing advertisers and publishers on how to make full use of our platform and increasing usage of our platform by advertisers and publishers;
•
our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand access to advertising spend, including spend from a
limited number of DSPs, agencies and advertisers;
•
our business depends on our ability to maintain and expand access to valuable inventory from publishers,
including our largest publishers;
•
we may not attract and retain advertisers and publishers if we may fail to make the right investment decisions
in our platform, or innovate and develop new solutions that are adopted by advertisers and publishers;
•
significant parts of our business depend on relationships with data providers for data sets used to deliver
targeted campaigns;
•
our business depends on our ability to collect, use and disclose certain data, including CTV data, to deliver
advertisements. Any limitation imposed on our collection, use or disclosure of this data could significantly diminish the value of our platform;
•
if the use of third-party “cookies,” mobile device IDs, CTV data collection or other tracking
technologies is restricted without similar or better alternatives (and adoption of such alternatives), our platform’s effectiveness could be diminished;
•
our failure to meet content and inventory standards and provide services that our advertisers and publishers
trust could harm our brand and reputation;
•
we must grow rapidly to remain a market leader and to accomplish our strategic objective;
•
the market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is relatively new and evolving;
•
if we fail to detect or prevent fraud on our platform, or malware intrusion into the systems or devices of our
publishers and their consumers, publishers could lose confidence in our platform and we could face legal claims;
•
the rejection of digital advertising by consumers through
opt-in,
opt-out
or
ad-blocking
technologies or other means;
•
our ability to scale our platform infrastructure to support anticipated growth and transaction volume;
•
disruptions to service from our third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing and hosting
providers could impair the delivery of our services;
•
potential liability and harm to our business based on the human factor of inputting information into our
platform;
•
any failure to protect our intellectual property rights;
•
if
non-proprietary
technology, software, products and services that we
use are unavailable, have future terms we cannot agree to or do not perform as we expect;
•
the overall demand for advertising;
48
Table of Contents
•
the ongoing
COVID-19
pandemic;
•
any decrease in the use of the advertising or publishing channels that we primarily depend on, or failure to
expand into emerging channels;
•
if CTV develops in ways that prevent advertisements from being delivered to consumers;
•
the competitive nature of the market in which we participate;
•
seasonal fluctuations in advertising activity;
•
the effective growth and training of our sales and support teams;
•
other risks relating to our employees or our location in Israel;
•
other risks relating to legal or regulatory issues;
•
other risks associated with our financial profile, our ADSs and the Offering; and
•
other statements described in this prospectus under “
Risk Factors
,”
“
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
,” and “
Business
.”
The forward-looking statements in this prospectus are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely
on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We believe that these
factors include, but are not limited to the factors set forth under “
Risk Factors
.” Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should
not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements.
In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information.
These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
You should read this prospectus and the documents that we reference in this prospectus and have filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our
forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.
The estimates and forward-looking statements contained in this
prospectus speak only as of the date of this prospectus. Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any estimates or forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
49
Table of Contents
USE OF PROCEEDS
We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately
$         million (or approximately $             million if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs from us in full),
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, based on an assumed initial public offering price of $             per ADS, the U.S. dollar
equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of £         on             , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of
£1.00 to $1.            ).
Each $1.00 increase
(decrease) in the assumed initial public offering price of $        per ADS would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately
$             million, assuming the number of ADSs offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses.
Each increase (decrease) of 1,000,000 ADSs in the number of ADSs offered by
us would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately $             million, assuming that the assumed initial public offering price remains the same, and
after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. Expenses of this offering will be paid by us.
The principal purposes of this offering are to create a public market for our ADSs, facilitate greater access to the public
equity markets, increase our visibility in the marketplace, as well as to obtain additional capital. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital, general corporate purposes and to fund incremental growth, including for
possible acquisitions. However, we do not currently have any definitive or preliminary plans with respect to the use of proceeds for such purposes.
We will have broad discretion in the way that we use the net proceeds from this offering. Our use of the net proceeds from
this offering will depend on a number of factors, including our future revenue and cash generated by operations and the other factors described in “
Risk Factors
.”
50
Table of Contents
DIVIDEND POLICY
Our board of directors has sole discretion whether to pay dividends. If our board of directors decides to pay dividends, the
form, frequency and amount will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that our directors may deem relevant. Although we have paid
dividends and conducted share buybacks in the past, we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance operations and expand our business.
The Companies Law imposes restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends. See “
Description of Share Capital
and Articles of Association—Dividend and Liquidation Rights
” for additional information. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our ADSs and the Offering—Because we may not pay any cash dividends on our ADSs in the
future, capital appreciation, if any, may be your sole source of gains and you may never receive a return on your investment
.”
Payment of dividends may be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. See “
Taxation and Government Programs—Israeli
Tax Considerations
” for additional information.
51
Table of Contents
CAPITALIZATION
The following table sets forth our cash and cash equivalents and total capitalization as of December 31, 2020, as
follows:
•
on an actual basis; and
•
on an as adjusted basis to reflect the issuance and sale
of             ADSs in this offering at the assumed initial public offering price of $            per ADS, the U.S. dollar
equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of £            on             , 2021 (based on an assumed
exchange rate of £1.00 to $1.            ), after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
You should read this information in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing at
the end of this prospectus and the “
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
” section and other financial information contained in this prospectus.
As of December 31, 2020
Actual
As
Adjusted
(1)
(in thousands, except share
and per share amounts)
Cash and cash equivalents
$
97,463
$
Debt and lease liabilities, including current portion:
Lease liabilities
21,209
Other long-term liabilities
7,824
Total debt
29,033
Shareholders’ equity:
Share capital
380
Share premium
264,831
Other comprehensive income
3,330
Retained earnings
60,472
Total shareholders’ equity
329,013
Total capitalization
$
358,046
$
(1)
A $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed initial public offering price of
$            per ADS, which reflects the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of
£             on            , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to
$1.            ), would increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount of each of cash and cash equivalents, additional
paid-in
capital, total
shareholders’ equity and total capitalization by approximately $            million, assuming the number of ADSs offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,
remains the same and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. An increase (decrease) of 1,000,000 ADSs in the number of ADSs offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would
increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount of each of cash and cash equivalents, additional
paid-in
capital, total shareholders’ equity and total capitalization by approximately
$            million, assuming an initial public offering price of $            per ADS, , which reflects the U.S. dollar
equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of £             on                , 2021
(based on an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to $1.            ), and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
52
Table of Contents
DILUTION
If you invest in our ADSs, your interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the initial public offering
price per ADS and the as adjusted net tangible book value per share immediately following the consummation of this offering.
At December 31, 2020, we had a historical net tangible book value of
$             million, corresponding to a net tangible book value of $             per ordinary share or
$             per ADS based on an ordinary share to ADS ratio of                     .
Net tangible book value per share represents the amount of our total assets less our total liabilities, excluding goodwill and other intangible assets, divided by the total number of our ordinary shares outstanding.
After giving effect to the sale by us of
ADSs (representing an aggregate
of                     ordinary shares) in this offering at the assumed initial public offering price of
$             per ADS, which reflects the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of
£             on                , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to
$1.            ), after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, our as adjusted net tangible book value at December 31, 2020
would have been approximately $             million, representing $             per ordinary share or
$             per ADS. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $             per ordinary share or
$             per ADS to existing shareholders and an immediate dilution in net tangible book value of $             per ordinary
share or $             per ADS to new investors purchasing ADSs in this offering at the assumed initial public offering price. Dilution in net tangible book value per ADS to new investors
is determined by subtracting as adjusted net tangible book value per ADS after this offering from the assumed initial public offering price per ADS paid by new investors.
The following table illustrates this dilution to new investors purchasing ADSs in the offering.
Assumed initial public offering price per ADS
$
Historical net tangible book value per ADS as of December 31, 2020
$
Increase in net tangible book value per ADS attributable to this offering
As adjusted net tangible book value per ADS after this offering
Dilution per ADS to new investors in this offering
$
If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs from us in full, our as
adjusted net tangible book value per ADS after this offering would be $             per ADS, representing an immediate increase in as adjusted net tangible book value of
$             per ADS to existing shareholders and immediate dilution of $             per ADS in as adjusted net tangible book
value per ADS to new investors based on an assumed initial public offering price of $             per ADS, which reflects the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary
shares on AIM of £            on                , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of
£1.00 to $1.            ), after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
Each $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed initial public offering price of
$             per ADS, which reflects the U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of
£            on                 , 2021 (based on an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to
$1.            ), would increase (decrease) the as adjusted net tangible book value after this offering by $             per ADS
and the dilution to new investors in the offering by $             per ADS, assuming the number of ADSs offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same
and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
The as adjusted dilution
information discussed above is illustrative only and will change based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing.
53
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes, on an as adjusted basis described above as
of December 31, 2021, the differences between the number of ordinary shares purchased from us, the total consideration paid to us in cash and the average price per ordinary share paid, in each case by existing shareholders, on the one hand, and
new investors in this offering, on the other hand. The calculation below is based on an assumed initial public offering price of $             per ADS, which reflects the U.S. dollar
equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of £            on                 , 2021
(based on an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to $1.            ), before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.
ADSs Purchased
Ordinary Shares
Purchased
Total
Consideration
Average
Price
Per
Share
Average
Price
Per
ADS
Number
Percent
Number
Percent
Amount
Percent
Existing shareholders
%
%
$
%
$
$
New investors
Total
%
%
$
%
$
$
To the extent any of our outstanding options is exercised or any our outstanding RSUs is
vested, there will be further dilution to new investors.
If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional
ADSs from us in full:
•
the percentage of ordinary shares held by existing shareholders will decrease to approximately
% of the total number of our ordinary shares outstanding after this offering; and
•
the number of ordinary shares held by new investors will increase to approximately
% of the total number of our ordinary shares outstanding after this offering.
54
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
You should read the following discussion together with “Selected Consolidated Financial Data” and the
consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements regarding industry outlook and our expectations regarding our future performance, liquidity and capital
resources, as well as other
non-historical
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in
“Risk Factors” and “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements.
Following the acquisition of Unruly in 2020, we changed our Programmatic business, tech stack, features, business models
and activity, requiring an analysis of whether we act as a principal or an agent, which led us to determine that we act as an agent, and not as principal. Therefore, effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the
Programmatic activity, which had been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 are not directly comparable as a
result of recognizing revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. See “—Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition” for information regarding the
revenue recognition presentation change.
Overview
We are a global company offering an
end-to-end
software platform that enables advertisers to reach relevant audiences and publishers to maximize yield on their digital advertising inventory. We use our proprietary technology to deliver impactful brand stories to target audiences through digital
ad technology and advanced audience data. Our omni-channel capabilities deliver global advertising campaigns across all formats and channels, with an expertise in Video and CTV.
We believe there is a significant market opportunity within the approximately $340 billion global digital advertising
market that is expected to grow at a CAGR of 12.4% through 2024, according to eMarketer. Digital publishers rely on advertising to support their businesses and brands, and advertisers use this medium to capture uniquely targeted and viewable
impressions. We believe the digital advertising market remains fragmented and that our full service
end-to-end
software platform and vast expertise within Video and CTV
puts us in a strong position to continue to increase our market share from traditional ad sales channels.
We believe that
we are positioned to benefit from several trends in the evolving advertising ecosystem, including the proliferation of digital media consumption, adoption of programmatic advertising, a growing focus on premium formats such as Video and CTV, and the
increasing sophistication of the overall digital landscape. We address the broad and evolving digital advertising market through our three core offerings, including a proprietary DSP solution that advertisers leverage to manage digital advertising
campaigns, a proprietary SSP solution that publishers leverage to optimally monetize digital inventory and a proprietary DMP solution which is integrated with both our DSP and SSP solutions. Our versatile DMP solution benefits from vast amounts of
data and provides optimal campaign recommendations for audience sets by employing advanced machine learning algorithms. The contextualization of the data synthesized by our DMP solution provides our advertisers with a comprehensive, personalized
view of audiences, enabling more effective targeting across formats and devices and optimizes the monetization of publisher inventory. By combining these three proprietary solutions as well as integrations with industry leading partners, we provide
an
end-to-end
software platform that is dynamic and flexible to our customers’ needs, which enables us to address more digital ad spend.
55
Table of Contents
Our customers are both ad buyers, including brands and agencies, and digital
publishers. Our platform includes a diversified customer base of approximately 900 active customers and 1,450 active publishers with approximately 800 million unique users for the month ended March 31, 2021, which serves advertisements in
over 100 countries.
We generate revenue through platform fees that are tailored to fit the customer’s
specific utilization of our solutions and include (i) a percentage of spend, (ii) flat fees and (iii) fixed CPM.
The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States. In the six months ended December 31, 2020, our CTV
advertising gross revenue grew 144% from the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 137% from the six months ended December 31, 2019. In the year ended December 31, 2020, CTV advertising net revenue increased 164% year-over-year from the year
ended December 31, 2019 on a comparable net basis. CTV net revenue comprised 21% of net revenue in the six months ended December 31, 2020, leading to net revenue growth of 104% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020, and 37% from
the six months ended December 31, 2019, and CTV net revenue comprised 20% of net revenue in the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 12% growth year-over-year from the year ended December 31, 2019. We generated $184 million and
$164 million in net revenue in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing 12% growth year-over-year, partially due to an the impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic for the six
months ended June 30, 2020.
Our total comprehensive income for the six months ended December 31, 2020 increased
$62.3 million from the equivalent figure for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and represented a 211% year-over-year increase as compared to our total comprehensive income for the six months ended December 31, 2019. We generated $5.0 million and
$6.3 million in total comprehensive income in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2020 increased approximately 32 times from the equivalent figure for the six months
ended June 30, 2020 and represented a 51% year-over-year increase as compared to our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2019. Additionally, we generated $60.5 million and $60.4 million in Adjusted EBITDA in the years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, resulting in a cash position of $97 million as of December 31, 2020.
Our Business Model
Our
end-to-end
platform is a
comprehensive software suite that supports a wide range of media types (e.g., Video, display, etc.) and devices (e.g., mobile, CTVs, streaming devices, desktop, etc.), creating an efficient
56
Table of Contents
marketplace where advertisers are able to purchase high quality advertising inventory from publishers at scale. Our solutions offer many advantages, including an advanced real-time bidding
auction optimization engine, a quality and global marketplace, and flexibility to enact concurrent campaign strategies that drives strong returns for investments in digital ad real estate.
Our platform handles over 100 billion daily ad requests, approximately 500 terabytes of daily data and approximately
250 million daily ad impressions. Each transaction is processed in a fraction of a second (55ms on average) and powered by our real-time bidding engine, which leverages thousands of private servers and infrastructure in three strategically
located data centers located in the United States, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Key Components of our platform include:
•
Demand Side Platform – We offer a self-service DSP solution for advertisers and their agencies to
efficiently and intuitively manage omni-channel campaigns. We also offer a full-service option to agencies in addition to our self-service DSP solution. Our DSP solution provides access to wide reaching and high quality inventory, audience targeting
and advanced reporting to optimize advertising campaigns, improve ROI and gain deep insights and analytics into brand engagement.
•
Data Management Platform – We offer a fully integrated DMP solution that sits at the center of our
platform that unlocks the power of data flowing through our DSP and SSP solutions. Our DMP enables advertisers and publishers to use data from various sources in order to optimize results of their advertising campaigns. Our DMP provides insights and
recommendations pertaining to geographic, behavioral and demographic data, among others in one unified solution. We believe an integrated DMP is a key component to the marketplace because it enables advertisers and publishers to use and activate
data to target audiences with more accuracy across a number of different channels.
•
Supply Side Platform – We offer a self-service SSP solution for digital publishers to sell their online
ad placements via a real-time bidding auction across all screens including mobile, CTVs, streaming devices and desktops. Our SSP provides access to significant amounts of data, unique demand and a comprehensive product suite to drive more effective
inventory management and revenue optimization.
•
Analytics/Artificial Intelligence – We collect, synthesize and analyze the data sets across our platform
through extensive artificial intelligence technologies and advanced machine learning capabilities. These recommendations ultimately provide key insights into valuable ad impressions and forecasts for auction behavior. We believe these technologies
drive optimal results for our advertisers and publishers.
Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations
We believe our results of operations is influenced by several factors, including the following:
Attract, Retain and Grow our Customer Base:
Our recent growth has been driven by expanding the usage of our platform by
our existing advertisers and publishers as well as by adding new advertisers and publishers. As a result, our revenue growth depends upon our ability to retain our existing advertisers and publishers and to capture a larger amount of their
advertising spend through our platform.
For the year ended December 31, 2020, we achieved an average net revenue per
active customer of $207 thousand. Despite a negative
COVID-19
impact on the number of active customers for the year ended December 31, 2020, we generated total revenue of $211.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2020. In particular, in the first half of 2020, our business was negatively impacted by the
COVID-19
pandemic, which resulted in a decrease in advertising demand globally. As
business promotion activities started to recover, the second half of 2020 saw a significant resurgence of advertising spend, except for certain verticals such as travel, retail and hospitality.
57
Table of Contents
We have demonstrated our ability to retain existing advertisers and
publishers, including during 2020, which presented unique challenges due to the
COVID-19
pandemic. For the year ended December 31, 2020, 83% of our customers were active customers for a period of more
than two years. Meanwhile, 10% of our customers became active customers during the year ended December 31, 2020, with the remaining 7% of our customer base being active customers for between one and two years.
We continue to add functionality to our platform to encourage existing advertisers or publishers to increase their usage of
our platform. As a result of this and other similar engagement initiatives, we achieved a net revenue retention rate of 112% for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Investment in Growth:
We believe that the advertising market is in the early stages of a secular shift towards digital
video advertising. We have been specializing in digital video advertising, which collectively accounts for 78% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. We plan to invest in long-term growth by focusing on the main drivers of
digital advertising growth – Video and CTV. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we invest in platform operations and technology and development to enhance our product capabilities including
deployment of more self-serve capabilities both to our advertisers and publishers, expediting data relationships and technology, adding more ad formats to our platform (e.g., audio, display, etc.). We believe that these investments will contribute
to our long-term growth, although it is uncertain whether they may impact our profitability in the near-term.
Growth
of the Digital Advertising Market and Macroeconomics Factors
: We expect to continue to benefit from overall adoption of digital video advertising by both advertisers and publishers. Any material change in the growth rate of digital video
advertising or the rate of adoption could affect our performance. Recent trends have indicated that advertising spend is closely tied to advertisers’ financial performance and economic conditions, either generally or in one or more of the
industries in which our advertisers operate or our publishers focus. An economic downturn could adversely impact the digital advertising market and our operating results. For example, the challenges posed by the
COVID-19
pandemic on the global economy increased significantly as the first quarter of 2020 progressed and continued throughout 2020 and into 2021. In response to
COVID-19,
national and local governments around the world have instituted certain measures, including travel bans, prohibitions on group events and gatherings, shutdowns of certain businesses, curfews,
shelter-in-place
orders and recommendations to practice social distancing. Certain marketers in industries such as travel and tourism, hospitality and automotive, decreased or
paused their advertising spend as a response to the economic uncertainty. In the first half of 2020, our business was negatively impacted by the
COVID-19
pandemic.
As the overall economic environment improved during the second half of 2020, we experienced a significant resurgence of
advertising demand globally. In the six months ended December 31, 2020, our CTV advertising gross revenue grew 144% from the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 137% from the six months ended December 31, 2019. CTV net revenue
comprised 21% of net revenue in the six months ended December 31, 2020, leading to net revenue growth of 104% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020, and 37% from the six months ended December 31, 2019.
In addition, the economic uncertainty caused by the
COVID-19
pandemic has made and may
continue to make it difficult for us to forecast revenue and operating results and to make decisions regarding operational cost structures and investments. The ultimate impact of
COVID-19
on the Company’s
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows is dependent on future developments, including the duration of the
COVID-19
pandemic and its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain and
cannot be predicted at this time. For further discussion of the potential impacts of the
COVID-19
pandemic on our business, see “
Risk Factors—Our revenue and results of operations are highly
dependent on the overall demand for advertising. Factors that affect the amount of advertising spending, such as economic downturns and the
COVID-19
pandemic, can make it
difficult to predict our
revenue and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
”
58
Table of Contents
Seasonality
: In the advertising industry, companies commonly
experience seasonal fluctuations in revenue. For example, many marketers allocate the largest portion of their budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year in order to coincide with increased holiday purchasing. Historically, the fourth
quarter of the year has reflected our highest level of advertising activity for the year. We generally expect the subsequent first quarter to reflect lower activity levels. In addition, historical seasonality may not be predictive of future results
given the potential for changes in advertising buying patterns and consumer activity due to the
COVID-19
pandemic. For example, in 2020, advertising activities were less associated with the holiday spending
patterns. Instead, as business activities adapt into the new environment amid the
COVID-19
pandemic, in the second half of 2020, we saw a significant resurgence in advertising demand on our platform.
Nevertheless, as countries recover from the
COVID-19
pandemic and return to
pre-pandemic
business conditions, we expect our revenue to continue to fluctuate based on
seasonal factors that affect the advertising industry as a whole.
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates
We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. In preparing our audited
consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that can have a significant impact on amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical
experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We regularly
re-evaluate
our assumptions, judgments and estimates. Our critical accounting estimates and judgments are described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus.
An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made on assumptions
about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. We
consider the following to be our critical accounting policies and estimates.
In this section, we use the following
terms:
“
Programmatic”
means our
end-to-end
platform of programmatic advertising, which uses software and algorithms to match buyers and sellers of digital advertising in a technology-driven
marketplace; transactions in our Programmatic activities are executed in milliseconds and beginning in 2020, human intervention or discretion for execution has significantly decreased.
“
Performance”
means our
non-core
performance activities consisting
primarily of mobile-based solutions that help brands reach their users; revenue generated in the Performance activities is contingent on the occurrence of performance-based metrics, such as app downloads and installations.
Revenue Recognition
We generate revenue from transactions where we provide access to our platform for the purchase and sale of digital advertising
inventory. Our customers are both ad buyers, including brands and agencies, and digital publishers. We generate revenue through platform fees that are tailored to fit our customer’s specific utilization of our solutions and include: (i) a
percentage of spend, (ii) flat fees and (iii) fixed costs per mile (“CPM”). CPM refers to a payment option in which customers pay a price for every 1,000 impressions an advertisement receives.
We maintain written service agreement with each publisher and buyer, which set out the terms of the relationship, including
payment terms and access to our platform.
Publishers provide digital advertising inventory to our platform in the form of
advertising requests, or ad requests. When we receive ad requests from a publisher, we send bid requests to buyers, which enable buyers to
59
Table of Contents
bid on sellers’ digital advertising inventory according to a predefined set of parameters (e.g., demographics, intent, location, etc.). Winning bids create advertising, or paid impressions,
for the publisher to present to the buyers.
We generate revenue from our Programmatic and Performance activities.
Programmatic revenue is derived from the end-to-end platform of programmatic advertising, which uses software and algorithms to match buyers and sellers of digital advertising in a technology-driven marketplace. Performance revenue is derived from
non-core activities, consisting of mobile-based activities that help brands reach their users.
Till the acquisitions of
RhythmOne and its integration into us and the acquisition of Unruly in the beginning of 2020 (i.e. for the year ended December 31, 2019), we determined that we operated as a principal with respect to its Programmatic activity and therefore
presented revenue on a gross basis mainly as: (i) we operated predominantly through a DSP platform prior to the acquisition and full integration of RhythmOne, (ii) we were highly involved in execution of the process, which required certain
manual operations by our employees and (iii) we determined that we had an implicit obligation to provide credits and inducements to customers to encourage use of the platform. That is, we determined, on this basis, that we had an implicit
obligation to provide advertising space to customers, even though the contractual terms and conditions (including our Master Service Agreements (“MSAs”) and insertion order do not explicitly state that we are obliged to deliver customers
an applicable advertising space or to provide inducements to the customer. Consequently, we concluded that we were primarily responsible for fulfillment of the contract.
Following the full integration with RhythmOne and the acquisition of Unruly in 2020, we positioned ourself as a stronger
digital advertising platform in the marketplace with an integrated,
end-to-end
platform connecting the DSP and SSP sides of the business in a unified platform. As a
result, we have changed its Programmatic business, tech stack, features, business models and activity as follows:
1.
We implemented a material change in its tech stack and operations, offering new services and features that
increased automation across the platform, significantly decreasing the need for our employees to manually operate the platform; and
2.
We decreased significantly the level of credits and inducements offered to our customers.
We further concluded that as a result of such change in its Programmatic activity (i) we do not
have manual control over the process, (ii) we are not primarily responsible for fulfillment, (iii) we have no inventory risk and (iv) we obtain only momentary title to the advertising space offered via the
end-to-end
platform.
Our Performance activity
has not changed and we are still the primary obligor to provide these services. As such, revenue is presented on a gross basis for our Performance activity. We are strategically focused on driving growth with our Programmatic activity through the
end-to-end
platform, while our Performance activities are declining over time.
60
Table of Contents
Our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019 are not directly comparable as a result of presenting revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019 on an as reported basis for 2020 and, to facilitate comparability, on an as reported and a comparable basis for 2019.
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
Year Ended
December 31,
2020
% Change
As reported
Programmatic
media cost
(1)
As adjusted
(non-IFRS)
As reported
2020 vs. 2019
as reported
2020 vs. 2019
adjusted
(non-IFRS)
(in thousands, except for
percentages)
Revenues
Programmatic
$
241,464
$
(117,301
)
$
124,163
$
161,625
(33%)
30%
Performance
84,296
—
84,296
50,295
(40%)
(40%)
Total
325,760
(117,301
)
208,459
211,920
(35%)
2%
Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
Programmatic
142,676
(117,301
)
25,375
31,918
(78%)
26%
Performance
44,570
—
44,570
27,889
(37%)
(37%)
Total
187,246
(117,301
)
69,945
59,807
(68%)
(14%)
Gross profit
Programmatic
98,788
—
98,788
129,706
31%
31%
Performance
39,726
—
39,726
22,406
(44%)
(44%)
Total
138,514
—
138,514
152,113
10%
10%
Total operating expenses
134,611
—
134,611
158,138
17%
17%
Operating income (loss)
3,903
—
3,903
(6,025
)
(254%)
(254%)
(1)
In order to facilitate comparability of our results of operations, we excluded Programmatic media cost for
2019. Programmatic media cost represents costs of acquiring publishers’ advertising space that is purchased by advertisers via our Programmatic
end-to-end
solution.
Components of Our Results of Operations
Revenue.
Our revenue is generated from transactions where we provide a platform for the purchase and sale of digital
adverting inventory. Our
end-to-end
platform is a comprehensive software suite that supports a wide range of media types (e.g., Video, display, etc.) and devices (e.g.,
mobile, CTVs, streaming devices, desktop, etc.), creating an efficient marketplace where advertisers (buyers) are able to purchase high quality advertising inventory from publishers (sellers) at scale.
We generate revenue through fees that we charge, based on customer type, to utilize our solutions and services and upon usage
and delivery. Often, advertisers use our DSP solution to access our DMP for optimizing media buys from our SSP solution.
Effective January 1, 2020, we present revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had been recognized on
a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition
presentation change. Our Performance revenue is recognized on a gross basis for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.
61
Table of Contents
Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization).
Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) primarily consists of hosting fees and data costs for both Programmatic and Performance activities, as well as media costs for Performance activities that are directly attributable to
revenue generated by the Company and based on the revenue share arrangements with audience and content partners. Our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 are not directly
comparable as a result of the revenue recognition presentation change. Effective January 1, 2020, we no longer include the costs of acquiring publishers’ advertising space that is purchased by advertisers via our Programmatic
end-to-end
solution in our cost of revenue, which is consistent with our change in revenue recognition. See “—
Critical
Accounting Policies, Judgments and
Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
Research and development expenses
. Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and related
costs for personnel responsible for the research and development of new and existing products and services. Where required, development expenditures are capitalized in accordance with the Company’s standard internal capitalized development
policy in accordance with IAS 38. All research costs are expensed when incurred.
Selling and marketing expenses
.
Selling and marketing expenses primarily consist of compensation and related costs for personnel engaged in customer service, sales and sales support functions, as well as advertising and promotional expenditures.
General and administrative expenses
. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of compensation and related
costs for personnel and include costs related to the Company’s facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, legal organizations and fees for professional services. Professional services are principally comprised of external
legal, information technology consulting and outsourcing services that are not directly related to other operational expenses.
Depreciation and amortization
. Depreciation and amortization primarily consist of depreciation of fixed assets and
amortization of intangible assets, as well as depreciation and amortization of right of use assets and provision for impairment.
Financing income
. Financing income primarily consists of foreign currency gains and interest income.
Financing expense.
Financing expense primarily includes exchange rate differences, interest and bank fees and other
expenses.
Other income (expense).
Other income (expense) includes gain on sale of business unit offset by a
settlement agreement.
Taxation.
Taxation consists primarily of income taxes related to the jurisdictions in which
we conduct business. Our effective tax rate is affected by
non-deductible
expenses net of tax exempt income, utilization of tax losses from prior years for which deferred taxes is recognized, effect on
deferred taxes at a rate different from the primary tax rate, effect of reduced tax rate on preferred income and differences in previous tax assessments. As of December 31, 2020, we do not have tax loss carry forwards for Israeli tax purposes.
62
Table of Contents
Results of Operations
The following tables set forth our results of operations in U.S. dollars and as a percentage of revenue for the periods
indicated:
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
(1)
Year Ended
December 31, 2020
As reported
As a % of
revenue
As reported
As a % of
revenue
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Revenues
$
325,760
100%
$
211,920
100%
Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below)
187,246
57.5
59,807
28.2
Research and development
16,168
5.0
13,260
6.3
Selling and marketing
52,351
16.1
68,765
32.4
General and administrative
34,433
10.6
29,678
14.0
Depreciation and amortization
32,359
9.9
45,187
21.3
Other expenses (income), net
(700
)
(0.2
)
1,248
0.6
Profit (loss) from operations
3,903
1.2
(6,025
)
(2.8
)
Financing income
(773
)
(0.2
)
(445
)
(0.2
)
Financing expenses
1,088
0.3
1,862
0.9
Financing expenses, net
315
0.1
1,417
0.7
Profit (loss) before taxes on income
3,588
1.1
(7,442
)
(3.5
)
Tax benefit
2,636
0.8
9,581
4.5
Profit for the year
6,224
1.9
2,139
1.0
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operation
139
0.0
2,836
1.3
Total comprehensive income for the year
$
6,363
2.0%
$
4,975
2.3%
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue
recognition presentation change.
Year ended December 31, 2020 compared to year ended December 31, 2019
Revenue
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(1)
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Revenue
$
325,760
$
211,920
$
(113,840
)
(35%)
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2019
would be $208,459 thousand. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
Revenue decreased by $113.8 million, or 35%, to $211.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from
$325.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease is primarily because effective
63
Table of Contents
January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31,
2019. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our revenue would have increased by
$3.5 million, or 2%, to $211.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $208.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was mainly attributable to the growth of $37.5 million in our
Programmatic businesses, which include multiple integrated growth initiatives such as CTV, our self-serve platform and the Private MarketPlace solutions. CTV serves as a robust growth driver for our core businesses, supported by an increasing number
of industry leading CTV partners. However, this is largely offset by the decline of $34 million in our Performance activities, due to our strategic shift away from the Performance activities.
The table below sets forth the breakdown of our revenue based on geographical location of customers for the periods indicated.
Revenue by region
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(1)
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
America
$
261,534
$
180,515
$
(81,019
)
(31%)
APAC
33,052
20,804
(12,248
)
(37%)
EMEA
31,174
10,601
(20,573
)
(66%)
Total
$
325,760
$
211,920
$
(113,840
)
(35%)
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, revenue generated from America for the year ended
December 31, 2019 would be $148,283 thousand, revenue generated from APAC for the year ended December 31, 2019 would be $32,165 thousand and revenue generated from EMEA for the year ended December 31, 2019 would be
$28,011 thousand. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
Revenue generated from America decreased by $81.0 million, or 31%, to $180.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2020 from $261.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was primarily because effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had been
recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue
recognition presentation change.
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate
comparability, our revenue generated from America would have increased by $32.2 million, or 22%, to $180.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $148.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase
was partially attributable to the overarching market trend of digital advertising, especially in the fastest growing areas where we have a strong focus, such as Video and CTV. The increase was also driven by the expedited
ramp-up
of our self-serve platform and services that are available to both our advertisers and publishers.
Revenue generated from Asia Pacific decreased by $12.3 million, or 37%, to $20.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2020 from $33.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had
64
Table of Contents
been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our revenue generated from APAC would have decreased by $11.4 million, or 35%, to $20.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2020 from $32.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was mainly due to our strategic shift away from the Performance activities, partially offset by the launch of our
end-to-end
technology offering enabled by the acquisition of Unruly in 2020.
Revenue generated from Europe, the Middle East and Africa decreased by $20.6 million, or 66%, to $10.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2020 from $31.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our revenue generated from EMEA would have decreased
by $17.4 million, or 62%, to $10.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $28.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease was mainly due to our strategic shift away from the Performance activities,
partially offset by the launch of our end-to-end technology offering enabled by the acquisition of Unruly in 2020.
Cost of revenues
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(1)
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Cost of revenues (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization)
$
187,246
$
59,807
$
(127,439
)
(68%)
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and
amortization) for the year ended December 31, 2019 would be $69,945 thousand. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition
presentation change.
Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) decreased by
$127.4 million, or 68%, to $59.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $187.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This is primarily because effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net
basis for the Programmatic activity, which had been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue
Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
If revenue for 2019 had been
presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) would have decreased by $10.1 million, or 14%, to $59.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from
$69.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This decrease was primarily driven by lowered costs due to our strategic shift away from the Performance activities, partially offset by the greater usage of hosting and data
services in our core business.
Research and development expenses
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Research and development
$
16,168
$
13,260
$
(2,908
)
(18.0
)%
65
Table of Contents
Research and development expenses decreased by $2.9 million, or 18.0%,
to $13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to $16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This decrease was primarily the result of decreases in (i) wages and salaries of $1.7 million
attributable to the efficiencies and consolidation of our research and development efforts, (ii) the expense for research and development and engineering tools and services of $1.1 million and (iii) capitalized costs of
$0.1 million.
Selling and marketing expenses
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Selling and marketing
$
52,351
$
68,765
$
16,414
31.4%
Selling and marketing expenses increased by $16.4 million, or 31.4%, to
$68.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $52.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This increase was driven by (i) the wages, salaries and share-based payments of $13.9 million related to the
Unruly acquisition, (ii) the share-based payment program of $3.3 million for our business managers and (iii) the salary increase of $1.3 million as a result of our business growth, which was partially offset by a decrease in
marketing and other costs of $2.1 million driven by the efficiency improvements during the
COVID-19
pandemic.
General and administrative expenses
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
General and administrative
$
34,433
$
29,678
$
(4,755
)
(13.8%)
General and administrative expenses decreased by $4.8 million, or 13.8%, to
$29.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $34.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in wages, salaries and share-based payments of $1.5 million, as
well as the recovery in 2019 of $4.1 million doubtful debts provision as a result of higher collection rates. This was partially offset by the increase in professional services and acquisition costs of $1.2 million.
Depreciation and amortization expenses
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Depreciation and amortization
$
32,359
$
45,187
$
12,828
39.6%
Depreciation and amortization increased by $12.8 million, or 39.6%, to $45.2 million
for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $32.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This increase was primarily driven by an increase of (i) $7.5 million in amortization of the brand and domain name, customer relations and technology as a
result of the acquisition of Unruly at the beginning of 2020, and (ii) $5.1 million in further amortization of the brand and domain name, customer relations and technology as a result of the acquisition of RhythmOne in the second quarter of 2019.
66
Table of Contents
Net financial expenses
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Financial income
$
(773
)
$
(445
)
$
328
42%
Financial expenses
1,088
1,862
774
71%
Financial expenses, net
$
315
$
1,417
$
1,102
350%
Net financial expenses increased by $1.1 million, or 350%, to $1.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2020 from $0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, primarily resulting from (i) the increase in the interest on ad spend liability of $2 million, (ii) the finance expenses of
$0.7 million related to lease liabilities, (iii) bank fees of $0.2 million and (iv) currency exchange fluctuations of $0.4 million. This was partially offset by the income from derivative instruments of $2.2 million.
Tax benefit
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Tax benefit
$
2,636
$
9,581
$
6,945
263%
Tax benefit increased by $6.9 million to $9.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2020 from $2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, attributable to an increase in current tax benefit of $1.5 million and an increase in deferred tax of $5.4 million, mainly relating to
(i) intangible assets and research and development expenses of $1 million, (ii) carry-forward losses of $3 million, (iii) accrued expenses and deferred revenue of $5.0 million, and partially offset by (iv) employee
compensation of $1.4 million and (v) doubtful debt provision of $2.2 million.
Profit for the year
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Profit for the year
$
6,224
$
2,139
$
(4,085
)
(66)%
Profit for the year decreased by $4.1 million to $2.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2020 from $6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, attributable to an increase in operational expenses of $23.5 million (mainly due to the increase of $16.4 million in selling and marketing expenses) and an increase in
financing expenses, net of $1.1 million, offset by an increase of $13.6 million in revenue after subtracting cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) and tax benefits of $6.9 million.
Total comprehensive income for the year
Year Ended
December 31,
Change
2019
(1)
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
$
%
(in thousands, except for percentages)
Total comprehensive income for the year
$
6,363
$
4,975
$
(1,388
)
(22
%)
Net profit margin
2
%
2
%
67
Table of Contents
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, net profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2019
would be 3%. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change.
Total comprehensive income for the year (net profit) decreased by $1.4 million to $5.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2020 from $6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, attributable to the decrease in the profit for the year of $4.1 million, offset by the increase in foreign currency translation differences for foreign operation income of $2.7 million due
to Unruly acquisition.
Net profit margin was stable at 2% of gross revenue for each of the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our net profit margin would have decreased by 1%, to 2% for the year ended December 31, 2020 from 3% for the year ended December 31,
2019. This decrease primarily resulted from a decrease in total comprehensive income of 22% while revenues, as presented on a comparable basis, remained relatively stable.
Key Performance Indicators and Other Operating Metrics
We review the following indicators to measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business
plans, and make strategic decisions. Increases or decreases in our key performance indicators may not correspond with increases or decreases in our revenue. In this section, we use the following terms:
“
Programmatic”
means our
end-to-end
platform of programmatic advertising, which uses software and algorithms to match buyers and sellers of digital advertising in a technology-driven
marketplace; transactions in our Programmatic activities are executed in milliseconds and beginning in 2020, human intervention or discretion for execution has significantly decreased.
“
Performance”
means our
non-core
performance activities consisting
primarily of mobile-based solutions that help brands reach their users; revenue generated in the Performance activities is contingent on the occurrence of performance-based metrics, such as app downloads and installations.
The following tables summarize the key performance indicators that we use to evaluate our business for the years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019.
Programmatic and Performance Revenue by Media Type and Device
The following table summarizes the Programmatic and Performance net revenue by selected media type and device for the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.
2019
2019
2019
2020
2020
2020
Yearly net revenue matrix
Programmatic
Performance
Group
Programmatic
Performance
Group
Video
(1)
$109,636
$0
$109,636
$143,390
$0
$143,390
Display
$14,527
$39,875
$54,402
$18,235
$22,658
$40,892
Total Group
$124,163
$39,875
$164,038
$161,624
$22,658
$184,282
(1)
CTV net revenue as a percentage of Video net revenue was approximately 13% for the year ended December 31,
2019 and approximately 26% for the year ended December 31, 2020.
68
Table of Contents
Selected Device – CTV
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
Year Ended
December 31,
2020
% Change
Gross
Programmatic
media cost
(1)
As
adjusted - net
Net
2020 vs. 2019
gross
2020 vs. 2019
adjusted - net
Revenue (in thousands)
$
35,074
$
(21,108
)
$
13,966
$
36,820
5%
164%
% of Programmatic revenue
15%
—
11%
23%
—
—
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. In order to facilitate comparability of our results of operations, we excluded Programmatic media cost for 2019 to present 2019 revenue on a
comparable basis. Programmatic media cost represents costs of acquiring publishers’ advertising space that is purchased by advertisers via our Programmatic
end-to-end
solution. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue
recognition presentation change.
CTV revenue increased by $1.7 million, or 5%, to
$36.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $35.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our CTV revenue would have
increased by $22.9 million, or 164%, to $36.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $14.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in our CTV
partners’ utilization of our
end-to-end
platform.
Selected Media Type – Video
Year Ended
December 31, 2019
Year Ended
December 31,
2020
% Change
Gross
Programmatic
media cost
(1)
As
adjusted - net
(non-IFRS)
Net
2020 vs. 2019
gross
2020 vs. 2019
adjusted - net
(non-IFRS)
Revenue (in thousands)
$
191,604
$
(81,968
)
$
109,636
$
143,390
(25%)
31%
% of Programmatic revenue
79%
—
88%
89%
—
—
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. In order to facilitate comparability of our results of operations, we excluded Programmatic media cost for 2019 to present 2019 revenue on a
comparable basis. Programmatic media cost represents costs of acquiring publishers’ advertising space that is purchased by advertisers via our Programmatic
end-to-end
solution. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue
recognition presentation change.
Video revenue decreased by $48.2 million, or 25%, to
$143.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $191.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease is primarily because effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the
Programmatic activity, which had been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019.
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, our Video revenue would have
increased by $33.6 million, or 31%, to $143.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 from $109.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased spending on our DSP
platform driven by our strong expertise in digital video advertising.
69
Table of Contents
Other Key Financial Metrics
Year Ended
December 31,
2019
(1)
2020
IFRS measures
Revenue (in thousands)
(2)
$
325,760
$
211,920
Total comprehensive income
$
6,363
$
4,975
Net profit margin
(3)
2%
2%
Non-IFRS
measures
Net revenue (in thousands)
(4)
$
164,038
$
184,282
Adjusted EBITDA
(5)
(in thousands)
$
60,411
$
60,513
Adjusted EBITDA margin
(5)
37%
33%
(1)
Effective January 1, 2020, we recognize revenue on a net basis for the Programmatic activity, which had
been recognized on a gross basis historically, including for the year ended December 31, 2019. See “—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
” for information regarding the revenue
recognition presentation change.
(2)
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, total revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2019 would be $208,459 thousand.
(3)
If revenue for 2019 had been presented on a comparable basis to facilitate comparability, net profit margin
for the year ended December 31, 2019 would be 3%
(4)
Net revenue is defined as our revenue calculated on a net basis by excluding the media cost for both
Programmatic and Performance activities. Net revenue is a non-IFRS financial metric. See “
Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data
” for information regarding the limitations of using Net revenue as a
financial measure.
The following table reconciles Net revenue to the most directly comparable IFRS
financial performance measure, which is Revenue:
Year Ended December 31,
2019
2020
(in thousands)
(i) Revenues (as reported)
(a)
Programmatic
$
241,464
$
161,625
Performance
84,296
50,295
Total
325,760
211,920
(ii) Programmatic media
cost
(b)
Programmatic
(117,301
)
—
Performance
—
—
(iii) = (i) + (ii) Revenues on comparable
basis
(c)
Programmatic
124,163
161,625
Performance
84,296
50,295
Total
208,459
211,920
(iv) Performance media
cost
(d)
Programmatic
—
—
Performance
(44,421
)
(27,637
)
70
Table of Contents
Year Ended December 31,
2019
2020
(in thousands)
(v) = (iii) + (iv) Net
Revenues
(e)
Programmatic
124,163
161,625
Performance
39,875
22,657
Total
$
164,038
$
184,282
(a)
For the year ended December 31, 2019, our audited revenue consists of (i) Programmatic revenue that is
recognized on a gross basis (which includes the Programmatic media cost as defined below) and (ii) Performance revenue that is recognized on a gross basis (which includes the Performance media cost as defined below).
For the year ended December 31, 2020, our audited revenue consists of (i) Programmatic revenue that is
recognized on a net basis (which excludes the Programmatic media cost as defined below) and (ii) Performance revenue that is recognized on a gross basis.
For information regarding the revenue recognition presentation change of our Programmatic revenue, see
“—
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates—Revenue Recognition
”.
(b)
Represents the costs of acquiring publishers’ advertising space that is purchased by advertisers via
our Programmatic end-to-end solution.
(c)
Represents our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 on an audited basis for
2020 and, to facilitate comparability, on a comparable basis for 2019 (which excludes the Programmatic media cost).
(d)
Represents the traffic acquisition costs which consist of purchases of impressions from publishers on a cost
per thousand impression basis in our Performance activities.
(e)
Represents our revenue calculated on a net basis for both Programmatic and Performance activities.
(5)
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as total comprehensive income for the year for the year adjusted for foreign
currency translation differences for foreign operations, financing expenses, net, tax benefit, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, restructuring and acquisition-related costs and other expenses (income), net. Adjusted EBITDA
margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net revenue. Adjusted EBITDA is a
non-IFRS
financial metric. See “
Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated
Financial and Other
Data
” for information regarding the limitations of using Adjusted EBITDA as a financial measure.
The following table reconciles Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable IFRS financial performance measure, which is for
the year:
Year Ended
December 31,
2019
2020
(in thousands)
Total comprehensive income for the year
$
6,363
$
4,975
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operation
(139
)
(2,836
)
Taxes on income
(2,636
)
(9,581
)
Financial income, net
315
1,417
Depreciation and amortization
32,359
45,187
Stock-based compensation
15,809
14,490
Other expenses
—
1,700
Restructuring
5,500
4,637
Acquisition-related cost
2,840
524
Adjusted EBITDA
$
60,411
$
60,513
71
Table of Contents
Net Revenue
Our net revenue increased by 12% from $164.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 to $184.3 million for
the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily driven by the 30% increase in our Programmatic activities, from $124.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 to $161.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020,
mainly attributable to the growth in CTV, our self-serve platform as well as the DSP’s offerings in private marketplaces in the second half of 2020. This was partially offset by the 43% decrease in our Performance activities, from
$39.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2019 to $22.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which resulted from our strategic shift towards the Programmatic activities as the main growth driver.
Adjusted EBITDA
Our Adjusted EBITDA remained largely unchanged at $60.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to
$60.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. This was primarily driven by the increase in our Programmatic activity, mainly attributable to the revenue growth in CTV, our self-serve platform as well as the DSP’s offerings in
private marketplaces. This was offset by the decrease in our Performance activity. In particular, in the first half of 2020, our business was negatively impacted by the
COVID-19
pandemic, which resulted in a
decrease in advertising demand globally. As business promotion activities started to recover, the second half of 2020 saw a significant resurgence of advertising spend. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2020 increased
approximately 32 times from the equivalent figure for the six months ended June 30, 2020, which represented a 51% year-over-year increase over our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2019. Consequently, our full year
Adjusted EBITDA for 2020 remains intact, although some verticals have still not recovered, including travel, retail and hospitality. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS financial metric. For a discussion of the most directly comparable measure calculated
in accordance with IFRS, see “
—Results of Operations—Total comprehensive income for the year.
”
Key
Operating Metrics
Year Ended December 31,
2019
2020
Active customers
Number of active customers
(1)
931
889
Average net revenue
(2)
per active customer
(in thousands)
$
176
$
207
Net revenue retention rate
(3)
—
112%
Ad impressions
Number of ad impressions
(4)
(in
millions)
45,175
53,839
(1)
An active customer is defined as an advertiser, agency, trading desk or third party DSP that has used our
platform within a trailing 365 day period.
(2)
Net revenue is defined as our revenue calculated on a net basis by excluding the media cost for both
Programmatic and Performance activities. Net revenue is a
non-IFRS
financial metric. See “
Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data
” for information regarding the
limitations of using Net revenue as a financial measure. See “—
Other Key Financial Metrics
” for reconciliation of net revenue to the most directly comparable IFRS financial performance measure, which is revenue.
(3)
Net revenue retention rate is defined as net revenue generated in the year ended December 31, 2020 from the
customers who were existing customers as of December 31, 2019 as a percentage of the net revenue generated in the year ended December 31, 2019 from the same group of customers. Net revenue retention rate is intended to provide an aggregated view of
positive and negative changes for the same group of customers over a 12-month period, including customer attrition, customer renewal, service upgrades and service downgrades. We consider all of our revenue to be recurring. Information on net revenue
retention
72
Table of Contents
rate for the year ended December 31, 2019 is not provided as it is not comparable due to the acquisition of RhythmOne in 2019.
(4)
An ad impression is defined as each time an ad is displayed within our platform.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2020, we had cash of $97.5 million and a working capital, consisting of current operating assets
less current operating liabilities, of $85 million. We believe our existing cash and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months.
The following table presents the summary consolidated cash flow information for the periods presented.
Year Ended
December 31,
(in thousands)
2019
(as reported)
2020
(as reported)
Net cash provided by operating activities
$
45,073
$
35,163
Net cash provided by investing activities
19,438
4,919
Net cash used in financing activities
(52,793
)
(22,367
)
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was $45.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, which is derived
from our profit for the year of $6.2 million, adjusted for
non-cash
expenses of $42.1 million, including depreciation and amortization of $32.3 million, and stock-based compensation of
$15.8 million, and offset by gain on leases of $2.7 million, gain on sale of business unit of $0.7 million and income tax of $2.6 million. There was an additional $3.3 million cash used, which includes a decrease in accounts
receivable of $36.5 million, a decrease in accounts payable of $34.2 million, a decrease in employee benefit of $0.3 million, income taxes paid, net of $4.9 million and interest paid, net of $0.3 million.
Net cash provided by operating activities was $35.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which is derived
from our profit for the year of $2.1 million, adjusted for
non-cash
adjustments of $48.8 million, including depreciation and amortization of $45.2 million, finance expenses of $1.3 million,
stock-based compensation of $14.5 million, income tax of $9.6 million, gain on lease contract change of $2.1 million, gain on sale of business unit of $0.5 million as well as a cash adjustment primarily attributable to an
increase in accounts payable of $25.9 million, an increase in accounts receivable of $39.4 million, income taxes paid, net of $1.7 million and interest paid, net of $0.6 million.
Net cash provided by investing activities
Net cash provided by investing activities was $19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, and was primarily
comprised of the acquisition of RhythmOne, net of cash acquired of $23.7 million, lease payment receipt of $1.7 million and a net decrease in pledged deposits of $0.8 million, partially offset by the acquisition and development of
intangible assets of $5.7 million and the acquisition of fixed assets of $1.1 million.
Net cash provided by
investing activities was $4.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and was primarily comprised of the acquisition of Unruly, net of cash acquired of $6.2 million, lease payment receipt of $2.9 million, repayment of loan
of $0.8 million, proceeds from sale of business unit of $0.2 million, and a net decrease in pledged deposits of $0.2 million, partially offset by the acquisition and development of intangible assets of $4.9 million and the
acquisition of fixed assets of $0.6 million.
73
Table of Contents
Net cash provided by financing activities
Net cash used in financing activities was $52.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2019, comprised of repayment
of loan of $17.3 million, leases repayment of $12.6 million and buy back of shares of $24.7 million, partially offset by proceeds from exercise of share options of $1.8 million.
Net cash used in financing activities was $22.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, and was primarily
comprised of leases repayment of $13.4 million and buy back of shares of $10 million, partially offset by proceeds from exercise of share options of $1.0 million.
Capital Expenditures
Our capital expenditures consist primarily of purchase of hardware and software. Our capital expenditures during the year ended
December 31, 2020 were $1.9 million, a $0.8 million increase compared to the year ended December 31, 2019. We will continue to make capital expenditures to meet the expected growth of our business.
Contractual Obligations
Our significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2020 are summarized in the following table:
Payments Due by Period
Total
Less than
1 Year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5
Years
Thereafter
(in thousands)
Lease liabilities
$
21,209
$
9,047
$
6,303
$
3,938
$
1,921
Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements
During the periods presented, we did not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities other than those disclosed in
Note 19b to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements
A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows is disclosed in Note 3 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk
We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact
our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, which are discussed in detail below.
Interest rate risk
We believe that we have no significant exposure to interest rate risk as we have no significant long-term loans. However, our
future interest income may fall short of expectations due to changes in market interest rates.
Foreign currency exchange risk
Foreign currency transactions
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of us and our subsidiaries at
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
74
Table of Contents
foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated in to the functional currency at the exchange rate on that date. The foreign currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference
between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the year, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the year, and the amortized cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate as of the end of the year.
Non-monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are
measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate on the date that the fair value was determined.
Non-monetary
items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.
Foreign operations
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, are
translated to U.S. dollars at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to U.S. dollars at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Foreign currency differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and are presented in equity.
75
Table of Contents
BUSINESS
Our Mission
Our mission is to create an efficient automated marketplace for advertisers and publishers, utilizing advanced data driven
technology, to enable the delivery of impactful brand stories to relevant audiences across the globe.
Overview
We are a global company offering an
end-to-end
software platform that enables advertisers to reach relevant audiences and publishers to maximize yield on their digital advertising inventory. We use our proprietary technology to deliver impactful brand stories to target audiences through digital
ad technology and advanced audience data. Our omni-channel capabilities deliver global advertising campaigns across all formats and channels, with an expertise in Video and CTV.
We believe there is a significant market opportunity within the approximately $340 billion global digital advertising
market that is expected to grow at a CAGR of 12.4% through 2024, according to eMarketer. Digital publishers rely on advertising to support their businesses and brands, and advertisers use this medium to capture uniquely targeted and viewable
impressions. We believe the digital advertising market remains fragmented and that our full service
end-to-end
software platform and vast expertise within Video and CTV
puts us in a strong position to continue to increase our market share from traditional ad sales channels.
We believe that
we are positioned to benefit from several trends in the evolving advertising ecosystem, including the proliferation of digital media consumption, adoption of programmatic advertising, a growing focus on premium formats such as Video and CTV, and the
increasing sophistication of the overall digital landscape. We address the broad and evolving digital advertising market through our three core offerings, including a proprietary DSP solution that advertisers leverage to manage digital advertising
campaigns, a proprietary SSP solution that publishers leverage to optimally monetize digital inventory and a proprietary DMP solution which is integrated with both our DSP and SSP solutions. Our versatile DMP solution benefits from vast amounts of
data and provides optimal campaign recommendations for audience sets by employing advanced machine learning algorithms. The contextualization of the data synthesized by our DMP solution provides our advertisers with a comprehensive, personalized
view of audiences, enabling more effective targeting across formats and devices and optimizes the monetization of publisher inventory. By combining these three proprietary solutions as well as integrations with industry leading partners, we provide
an
end-to-end
software platform that is dynamic and flexible to our customers’ needs, which enables us to address more digital ad spend.
76
Table of Contents
Our customers are both ad buyers, including brands and agencies, and
digital publishers. Our platform includes a diversified customer base of approximately 900 active customers and 1,450 active publishers with approximately 800 million unique users for the month ended March 31, 2021, which serves advertisements
in over 100 countries.
We generate revenue through platform fees that are tailored to fit the customer’s
specific utilization of our solutions and include (i) a percentage of spend, (ii) flat fees and (iii) fixed CPM.
The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States. In the six months ended December 31, 2020, our CTV
advertising gross revenue grew 144% from the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 137% from the six months ended December 31, 2019. In the year ended December 31, 2020, CTV advertising net revenue increased 164% year-over-year from the year
ended December 31, 2019 on a comparable net basis. CTV net revenue comprised 21% of net revenue in the six months ended December 31, 2020, leading to net revenue growth of 104% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020, and 37% from
the six months ended December 31, 2019, and CTV net revenue comprised 20% of net revenue in the year ended December 31, 2020, representing a 12% growth year-over-year from the year ended December 31, 2019. We generated $184 million and
$164 million in net revenue in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing 12% growth year-over-year, partially due to an the impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic for the six
months ended June 30, 2020.
Our total comprehensive income for the six months ended December 31, 2020 increased
$62.3 million from the equivalent figure for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and represented a 211% year-over-year increase as compared to our total comprehensive income for the six months ended December 31, 2019. We generated $5.0 million and
$6.3 million in total comprehensive income in the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2020 increased approximately 32 times from the equivalent figure for the six months
ended June 30, 2020 and represented a 51% year-over-year increase as compared to our Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended December 31, 2019. Additionally, we generated $60.5 million and $60.4 million in Adjusted EBITDA in the years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, resulting in a cash position of $97 million as of December 31, 2020.
Our Industry
We operate in the digital advertising industry, which is a core pillar of monetizing digital properties accessible by
the Internet. We specialize in digital video advertising, which collectively comprises 78% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020, across mobile video, desktop video and CTV.
We believe the key industry trends shaping the digital advertising market include:
Continued Growth of Digital Media Consumption
Audiences continue to spend an increasing amount of time online for social, business and purchasing needs. We believe that the
COVID-19
pandemic and the subsequent work-from-home and
shelter-in-place
orders accelerated the adoption of numerous traditionally
offline activities to be conducted online, including telehealth, fitness classes, food delivery and
e-commerce.
As consumers continue to spend more time online for everyday activities, we believe that brands
and advertisers will increasingly allocate ad budgets to where the audiences are. According to eMarketer, more than a third of the day is expected to be spent on digital media consumption by 2022. This mass of digital consumption is happening across
all devices, including mobile, desktop, tablet and CTV. These trends will further increase both the supply and demand of available ad impressions that can be monetized programmatically.
Shift to Programmatic Advertising
Programmatic advertising is the use of software and algorithms to match buyers and sellers of digital advertising in a
technology-driven marketplace. The transactions are executed in milliseconds and do not require the manual labor of execution. It is becoming increasingly prominent in the digital advertising industry, as publishers and advertisers prefer that their
bids/asks for digital ad inventory be completed in an easy, efficient,
77
Table of Contents
and automated manner. Additional advantages of programmatic advertising include enhanced audience targeting, attribution, measurement as well as improved customized campaign management workflow
solutions. According to eMarketer, programmatic advertising is expected to increase from $106 billion in 2019 to $147 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 18%.
Data Driven Decision Making
As the digital media industry grows, increased consumer engagement by audiences has created vast amounts of data and behavioral
insights that can be harnessed to maximize ROI for advertisers and optimize the monetization of digital inventory for publishers. These insights include industry compliant anonymized data sets relating to consumer interests, preferences and intent,
as well as auction data of advertising bid requests. Technology solutions must efficiently and effectively digest, analyze and process an ever increasing amount of data seamlessly while navigating the increased requirements of regulatory challenges
and audience protection.
Consumer Privacy and Regulatory Concerns
Over the last few years, there has been increased scrutiny concerning consumer data and the ways in which that data is being
used in connection with ad targeting. Globally and locally, new legislation has been introduced and enforced that requires new industry rules and standards. Some of these regulations include the GDPR, the California CCPA and the forthcoming CPRA,
and IDFA. Additionally, web browsers such as Safari and Firefox have also removed third-party cookies. These rules and regulations require all constituents within digital advertising to consistently adapt and evolve.
Our Market Opportunity
We believe that we are well positioned to capture the fastest growing and next wave of digital advertising, such as Video,
including CTV, which reflects 78% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Global digital
advertising spend is forecast to be $455 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow 11.4% per year to $700 billion by 2025, according to eMarketer. As advertisers follow audiences to next-generation mediums, digital advertising channels are
expected to outpace growth of total global media ad spend. The increased Internet bandwidth in developing countries is acting as an additional tailwind, and the increasing proliferation of next-generation cellular technology in developed countries
is driving video viewership. We believe these trends will amplify full-screen video usage, which has long been the preferred choice of advertisers. We expect these long-term, systemic shifts will enable us to grow at a faster rate compared to the
broader digital advertising market.
78
Table of Contents
Global Digital Advertising
Spending
2
(US$ bn)
Digital Video and CTV Advertising
We are addressing the fastest growing areas within digital advertising, Video and CTV, which are expected to grow at an
accelerated rate compared to other formats. In the United States, where the majority of our revenue is generated, the growth rates and adoption of Video and CTV are expected to be even higher. According to eMarketer, U.S. CTV ad spend is projected
to grow at a CAGR of 19.6% from 2021 to 2025, reaching $27.5 billion. U.S. Video ad spend is projected to grow at a CAGR of 15.5% from 2021 to 2025, reaching $98.5 billion. Additionally, the number of digital video viewers worldwide is
expected to reach 3.47 billion people by 2024.
Linear TV budgets are also shifting towards digital video and CTV,
further driving demand for these premium ad formats. These overarching market trends underpin our strategic shift to focus on these segments of digital advertising, which given the proliferation of smart TVs and the increasing number of streaming
providers, will remain an exciting growth segment.
Mobile Advertising
The number of consumers with smart phones and high speed internet quality are expected to continue rising, which will make
mobile advertising a prominent channel within digital. According to eMarketer, U.S. mobile ad spend is projected to grow at a CAGR of 12.4% from 2021 to 2025, reaching $208 billion.
Our Role in the Digital Advertising Ecosystem
Advertisers and Agencies
Spending begins with advertisers, who often engage advertising agencies to help plan and execute their advertising campaigns.
To better control and optimize their advertising operations, advertisers and agencies are consolidating spend with fewer, larger technology platform providers who can deliver transparency and ensure the highest level of inventory quality and
control. These advertisers and agencies access our platform through Tremor Video and third-party DSPs. We believe our
end-to-end
technology platform and direct
relationships with advertisers and agencies will lead to significant consolidation of spend onto our platform.
2
eMarketer, March 2021.
79
Table of Contents
Demand Side Platforms (“DSP”)
Advertisers and agencies often engage DSPs, which serve as advertising demand aggregators, to execute their digital marketing
campaigns across various ad formats. We offer both full-service and self-managed options through our DSP, enabling highly customized and robust campaigns. We are also integrated with the leading DSPs globally, such as The Trade Desk and Google
DV360, enabling customers to execute real-time transactions with our publisher clients.
Supply Side Platforms (“SSP”)
SSPs such as ours are designed to monetize digital inventory for publishers and app developers by enabling their
content to have the necessary software code and requirements for programmatic integration. Buyers and sellers come together through our marketplace to monetize, target, and purchase available digital advertising inventory. Our platform rapidly and
efficiently processes significant volumes of advertising bid information, providing a seamless digital experience for our customers. Traditionally, SSPs have focused exclusively on the needs of sellers in this process and have limited their
interactions with buyers to the buyer’s agent, the DSP. As buyers have sought greater control of their advertising supply chains, we have extended the capabilities of our specialized software platform over the last several years to serve the
needs of advertisers and agencies.
Publishers and Content Providers
Digital publishers and app developers create websites, digital content and applications that contain content/mediums for
consumption for users, along with adjacent viewable space for digital advertisements. As consumers navigate these websites and apps, individual ad impressions are presented to them across different formats/channels. These impressions are typically
sold to advertisers and agencies programmatically, in real-time via a third-party technology infrastructure platform or SSP solution. Publishers and app developers rely on advertising revenue as the key driver for their businesses and depend on the
capabilities of these third parties in order to achieve optimal yield for their advertising inventory. As of December 31, 2020, we served approximately 1,450 active publishers worldwide on our platform, consisting of 21,000 active sites and
apps that we have direct access to publish an ad for our customers.
Our Strengths
We believe the following attributes and capabilities provide us with long-term competitive advantages:
Established Expertise in Video and CTV
We believe Video, including CTV and mobile video are the fastest growing segments of digital advertising, and they constitute
79% of our total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 (83% for the three months ended December 31, 2020) and 89% of our revenue without mobile-based performance activity for the year ended December 31, 2020 (91% for the
three months ended December 31, 2020).
We were one of the first movers in the digital video advertising and CTV markets, giving us early traction and recognition as a leader in the space. Our platform was intentionally built as an
end-to-end
video campaign delivery solution.
End-to-End
Platform with Proprietary Technology
We leverage our advanced technology stack to enable advertisers and publishers to maximize their ROI, while optimizing the path
between audiences and brands by leveraging our proprietary data sets. We believe we have a competitive advantage by overseeing the entire ecosystem through our proprietary data, unique demand and supply sources and access to premium vendors. As a
technology first solution, we have the flexibility of an agnostic platform capable of integrating with different third-party sources to service our customers.
80
Table of Contents
Scale and Reach on the Audience, Advertiser and Publisher
Our platform currently accommodates over 100 billion daily ad requests, approximately 500 terabytes of daily data,
approximately 250 million daily ad impressions and more than 100 million daily unique sites or apps. This gives us
scale with publishers and provides access to direct and exclusive supply of premium advertising inventory, which
allows for our advertising customers to avoid intermediaries and reduce costs. Operating an
end-to-end
platform enables us to minimize the loss of scale typically seen
when two independent platforms are user-syncing with each other. This helps us maintain high scalability on buying strategies leveraging audience targeting.
Robust Data Set Fully Integrated Into and Generated by Our Platform
Our proprietary DMP is a flexible platform that can be easily integrated across various campaigns and formats. Our DMP
leverages first-party data and third-party partnerships to identify and reach curated audiences, benefiting both our advertising and publisher customers. Our platform provides artificial intelligence in the form of machine learning algorithms and
statistical models to aggregate and analyze vast amounts of data and contextualizes it into easily usable action items, which can be used across campaigns in real-time.
Our machine learning algorithms enable us to process millions of requests per second which supports several of the
optimization and prediction models in our platform including invalid traffic monitoring, viewability, queries per second, bidding and pricing models. These machine learning capabilities help our customers achieve their key performance indicators,
optimize cost of media and protect against invalid traffic. Additionally, our DMP utilizes machine learning algorithms to build and expand segments in real time.
Management Team of Industry Veterans with Extensive Expertise
Our senior management has an extensive background in the advertising technology industry, which we believe gives us a
competitive advantage. We have vast experience in acquiring synergistic businesses and a strong track record of integrating successful acquisitions, further driving growth and profitability.
Profitable Business Model
We have been Adjusted EBITDA profitable since 2014 and continue to improve our cost structure. As of the year ended
December 31, 2020, our net profit margin was 2% and our Adjusted EBITDA margin was 33%. Our structural cost advantages enable us to continuously invest in driving innovation, while delivering both top line revenue growth and profitability.
Our Growth Strategy
We believe that programmatic advertising is still an underpenetrated market that will experience robust growth over the next
decade as ad budgets continue to shift to digital and digital continues to shift towards programmatic execution. We intend to capitalize on these secular trends by pursuing growth opportunities that include:
Focus on Core Areas of Growth in Video and CTV
CTV is the fastest growth format within digital advertising, and this trend is expected to continue over the next several years
according to eMarketer. In the United States, CTV ad spend is expected to grow at a CAGR of 22.5% from 2020 to 2024, and Video is expected to grow at a CAGR of 18.1%, reaching $69.3 billion by 2024. Digital video and CTV comprise 79% of our
revenue without mobile-based performance activity for the year ended December 31, 2020, and has been a core focus for us since inception. We plan to leverage our existing expertise in Video and CTV to increase our market share and introduce new
technologies and solutions.
81
Table of Contents
Introduce New Products and Invest in our Technology Stack
As we grow our market share and add new customers, we continue to invest in our technology stack and develop new innovative
products. We are continuously trying to introduce new innovative solutions and products to the rapidly evolving digital advertising market. Some potential areas of growth and investment include enhancing our proprietary data sets, enhancing our CTV
solution capabilities and marketplace, audience targeting, expanding our alternative identifier solutions and enhancing our global platform coverage capabilities.
We are providing customers with creative alternatives to plan and execute their campaigns giving them complimentary scale and
opportunities to enhance current audience targeting strategies. For example, we offer, and will continue to enhance, contextual targeting solutions from content data collected via our publisher partnerships as well as third-party solutions
integrated into our ecosystem.
There is market movement away from cookie-based tracking which has created an increase in
demand for alternate solutions. We have partnerships, and are integrating, with major alternative identifier solutions such as IdentityLink and Unified ID 2.0. We are committed to helping define and support new privacy requirements and identifier
mechanisms as the industry standards evolve. We believe that not everyone in the industry will adopt a single solution alternative to cookie-based tracking and we are building our platform to support various identifier solutions.
Strengthen Our Relationship with Existing Customers
We are constantly improving functionality on our platform to attract new customers and encourage our existing customer base to
allocate more of their ad spend and ad inventory to our platform. We believe as programmatic gains more widespread adoption and brands and publishers continue to focus on Video and CTV, we are strongly positioned to increase our customer base and
generate additional revenue from existing customers.
Expand Our International Footprint and United States Market Share
We continue to acquire new publishers and advertisers globally and invest in expanding our global footprint, providing
significant global demand and supply of digital ad impressions across all channels and formats. We will continue to invest in third-party integrations, maintaining and enhancing our platform’s flexibility. We are leveraging our existing
technology stack to provide innovative solutions to new and existing customers regardless of location or platform. We consistently innovate and develop new tools and products that enable our customers to maximize their benefit from using our
platform and services.
Continue to Bolster our Data Capabilities
We leverage real-time data, artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to synthesize, aggregate and
contextualize vast amounts of data sets to help our advertisers and publishers optimize their digital ad spend/inventory. Our DMP solution was architected to be flexible, which allows us to deliver impactful and unique insights that are agnostic to
format or device type. By owning our own proprietary DMP solution, we are able to provide robust analytics, insights, and better segmentation on a global basis. We believe this gives us a large competitive advantage and enables higher ROI to our
advertisers and optimal yield on digital inventory to our publishers.
Leverage our Industry Expertise and Target Select
Acquisitions
We have been successful in past acquisitions and may direct our industry experience and focus to
identify future complementary acquisitions to further broaden our scale and technology solutions. To the extent we identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we have the experience, leadership and track record to successfully execute strategic
transactions and integrate acquired businesses into our platform.
82
Table of Contents
Our Solution and
End-to-End
Technology Platform
Our Solution
Our
end-to-end
platform is a
comprehensive software suite that supports a wide range of media types (e.g., Video, display, etc.) and devices (e.g., mobile, CTVs, streaming devices, desktop, etc.), creating an efficient marketplace where advertisers are able to purchase high
quality advertising inventory from publishers at scale. Our solutions offer many advantages, including an advanced real-time bidding auction optimization engine, a quality and global marketplace, and flexibility to enact concurrent campaign
strategies that drives strong returns for investments in digital ad real estate.
Our platform handles over
100 billion daily ad requests, approximately 500 terabytes of daily data and approximately 250 million daily ad impressions. Each transaction is processed in a fraction of a second (55ms on average) and powered by our real-time bidding
engine, which leverages thousands of private servers and infrastructure in three strategically located data centers located in the United States, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Key Components of our platform include:
•
Demand Side Platform – We offer a self-service DSP solution for advertisers and their agencies to
efficiently and intuitively manage omni-channel campaigns. We also offer a full-service option to agencies in addition to our self-service DSP solution. Our DSP solution provides access to wide reaching and high quality inventory, audience targeting
and advanced reporting to optimize advertising campaigns, improve ROI and gain deep insights and analytics into brand engagement.
•
Data Management Platform – We offer a fully integrated DMP solution that sits at the center of our
platform that unlocks the power of data flowing through our DSP and SSP solutions. Our DMP enables advertisers and publishers to use data from various sources in order to optimize results of their advertising campaigns. Our DMP provides insights and
recommendations pertaining to geographic, behavioral and demographic data, among others in one unified solution. We believe an integrated DMP is a key component to the marketplace because it enables advertisers and publishers to use and activate
data to target audiences with more accuracy across a number of different channels.
•
Supply Side Platform – We offer a self-service SSP solution for digital publishers to sell their online
ad placements via a real-time bidding auction across all screens including mobile, CTVs, streaming devices and desktops. Our SSP provides access to significant amounts of data, unique demand and a comprehensive product suite to drive more effective
inventory management and revenue optimization.
•
Analytics/Artificial Intelligence - We collect, synthesize and analyze the data sets across our platform
through extensive artificial intelligence technologies and advanced machine learning capabilities. These recommendations ultimately provide key insights into valuable ad impressions and forecasts for auction behavior. We believe these technologies
drive optimal results for our advertisers and publishers.
Demand-Side Platform (“DSP”)
Key features of our DSP include:
•
Comprehensive, insightful and modern self-service interface that intuitively supports the needs of advertisers
and enables them to operate and implement strategies effectively and independently.
•
Superior artificial intelligence-based real-time bidding models, to drive efficient buying and meet our
customers’ key performance indicators.
•
Enables seamless access to and integration of an advertisers’ own first-party data, our proprietary data
and a wide list of premium third party data segments.
83
Table of Contents
•
Meaningful forecasting and reporting tools, our DSP can accurately measure how many households and unique
users an advertising campaign are able to reach through any targeting initiatives to ensure campaign strategies are achievable.
•
Robust omni-channel reporting which enables advertisers to analyze across device and channel campaign
effectiveness against various key performance indicators with the ability to compare their statistics through various comprehensive benchmarks.
•
Access to our creative studio (tr.ly) with deep expertise to support a variety of creative needs and ideas to
enrich messaging and consumer engagements.
•
Data and Brand Surveys that provide meaningful information for advertisers to evaluate brand lift and
behavioral and emotional engagement.
•
Our proprietary brand safety technology uses a combination of machine-learning and propriety algorithms as
well as data ingestion from industry-leading verification providers to develop and maintain dynamic block lists and a scoring mechanism to grade our traffic before, during and after ad requests are made.
Supply-Side Platform (“SSP”)
Key features of our SSP include:
•
Comprehensive and highly intuitive self-service platform which enables publishers to easily integrate into our
ecosystem, manage their digital inventory, access reporting and insights and transact with their programmatic buyers through private marketplace deals. Once integrated with our SSP solution, publishers also benefit from our unique and differentiated
demand available through our proprietary DSP solution and additionally through demand facilitation initiatives driven by our global sales force.
•
Connection to the world’s largest DSPs and compatibility with most AdAge top 100 brands. Our SSP solution
delivers over 6 billion advertisements to viewers every month and optimizes content for different formats, builds effective custom audiences and delivers impressive ROI at scale.
•
Omni-channel marketplace with access to approximately 1,450 active publishers across the globe and exclusive
access to News Corp digital advertising inventory.
•
Industry-leading forecasting analytics and data-driven yield optimization tools to maximize inventory
monetization and delivers impressive ROI at scale.
•
Enables publishers to customize their experience through the ability to opt out of certain ad verticals or
specific advertisers in order to customize demand for their media and manage channel conflicts.
•
Support for all major integration types, including open real-time bidding, header-bidding solutions, as well
as our proprietary client-side solutions, including our video player, giving publishers the flexibility of choosing the methods through which they want to offer their ad inventory to advertisers.
Data and Data Management Platform (“DMP”)
Key features of our DMP include:
•
Audience segments that are generated directly within our platform, leveraging a collection of first and third
party data sets, including strategic data partnerships. Our platform also enables advertisers and publishers to connect and leverage their own first party data for activation across our ecosystem. Based on our platform’s statistical models, we
are able to uncover deep insights from behavioral data, feeding into a machine learning platform that allows us to achieve our advertisers’ and publishers’ performance metrics.
•
Ability for advertisers and publishers to layer custom data segments against their campaigns and private
marketplace deals.
84
Table of Contents
•
Includes unique data driven insights available through our self-service user interfaces or custom built and
curated by our team, along with the ability for advertisers and publishers to forecast scale, reach and media cost against the audiences they are looking to target.
•
Provides for audience driven creative optimization, combining the power of the DMP with our proprietary
creative platform (tr.ly).
•
Specific focus and expertise around contextualizing linear TV retargeting data activation and repurposing for
digital insights, providing advertisers strong content retargeting, insight and attribution capabilities on digital formats.
•
Our EQ product, fully integrated into our DMP, is a proprietary emotional analytics tool that provides
advertisers the data they need to maximize the emotional, social and business impact of their advertising.
•
Our EQ product compiles surveys along with facial recognition of users to see how those individuals responds
to questions or advertising, which further engages targeting for our advertisers’ campaigns.
Our Customers
Our customers consist of blue-chip global brands and advertising agencies on the demand side and high quality
publishers on the supply side across several industries, including retail, entertainment, consumer, financial services, healthcare and more. We had approximately 900 active customers for the year ended December 31, 2020 including prominent
members of the U7 Council such as American Express, GSK, P&G, Unilever and others.
On our demand side, we have brands
and agencies using our self-service offering, our own managed services offering and third-party DSP integrations. Buyers and advertisers transact through these tools. On the supply side, we service digital publishers, app developers and subscribers
to our self-serve platform.
We enter into contracts with our customers either through MSAs or insertion orders. An
insertion order is an agreement entered into by an advertiser and publisher to govern the terms of running a campaign. Our customers typically enter into MSAs with us that give users access to our platform. These MSAs typically have one year terms
that renew automatically, unless earlier terminated. We benefit from stable relationships, with approximately 80% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 derived from clients who have been with us for more than two years.
We have long standing relationships with our customer base. Our customers repeatedly use our platform, illustrated by our
revenue retention rate of 112% in the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition, our customers typically grow their use of our platform over time.
Our Competition
We have a number of competitors that operate in segments of our business, but few of our competitors provide the full
end-to-end
technology solution that we offer.
We believe that our long track record and expertise in the digital advertising industry gives us significant advantages with
regards to platform development and expertise, as well as a long development lead ahead of new entrants. We also believe that we compete primarily based on the performance of campaigns running on our platform, capabilities of our platform, our
identity resolution capabilities, our omni-channel capabilities and our advance reporting and measurement capabilities.
On the demand side, companies such as Roku Inc., Viant Technology, Inc., Samsung, Inc. and MediaMath are some of our key
competitors
On the supply side, companies such as Magnite, Inc. and PubMatic, Inc. are our main competitors, all of which
compete to provide publisher inventory to advertisers.
85
Table of Contents
We believe the principal competitive factors in our industry include the
following:
•
proven technology,
software-as-a-service
offering and optimization capabilities;
•
omni-channel execution;
•
quality and scale of digital inventory and demand;
•
depth and breadth of relationships with brand advertisers, premium publishers and agencies;
•
full suite of viewability, measurement, verification and brand safety offerings;
•
flexible pricing; and
•
transparency in the ecosystem.
We believe that we compete favorably with respect to all of these factors and are well positioned as a full service
end-to-end
platform catering to both advertisers and publishers.
Technology and Development
Our business model enables us to invest into our research and development efforts, which have helped grow our business. Our
platform is extremely efficient at managing large amounts of complex data and is leveraged by both our advertisers and publishers in real time. We are committed to innovative technologies and rapid introduction of enhanced functionalities to support
the dynamic needs of our advertisers and publishers. We therefore expect technology and development expense to increase as we continue to invest in our platform to support increased volume of advertising spend and our international expansion. Our
technology and development team is based in the United States and Israel. As of December 31, 2020, research and development expenses accounted for 21% of our operating expenses.
Sales and Marketing
As an
end-to-end
platform, we have highly
qualified teams dedicated to acquiring new premium advertising and publisher customers. These teams focus on selling access to our platform through self-serve and managed service offerings. Our global sales and marketing team consists of
approximately 180 employees as of December 31, 2020 and takes a
hands-on
approach to both new and existing advertiser and publisher relationships.
We have dedicated teams focused on post-sale customer support. Our client success team onboards advertisers and liaises
directly with the customer on a regular basis to optimize delivery against key performance indicators and help meet their goals throughout the campaign life-cycle. Our publisher operations team onboards publishers and engages directly with the
customer to support their needs and effectively monetize inventory. We expect to continue to expand our sales and marketing and customer support teams as we expand into new industry verticals and geographical markets.
Our Team and Culture
As part of our track record of successfully integrating acquisitions, we pride ourselves on bringing together new teams under
one culture, which is based on the ideal that “everything is possible.”
Our management team encourages
employees to share their feedback, ideas and thoughts by promoting a transparent organizational culture and an open door policy. We also introduced internal surveys to garner employee feedback and satisfaction and to receive suggestions.
We communicate and build relationships with external stakeholders via our marketing efforts, including social media, events,
public relations, direct marketing and online advertising among other initiatives. We have a
86
Table of Contents
“People & Culture” program, which provides employees with volunteer opportunities in the community, particularly focused on education, such as tutoring at risk youth and
collaborating with schools serving underprivileged communities. We as a company also regularly donate to voluntary associations.
Our employees tend to be long tenured for our industry, with an average tenure of the leadership team of approximately four
years and more than three years across all employees. We believe we attract talented employees to our company and sophisticated customers to our platform in large part because of our vision and unwavering commitment to using cutting-edge
technologies to create products that help advance the advertising industry.
As of December 31, 2020, we had 564
employees globally.
Intellectual Property
Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect the proprietary methods and technologies that we develop or otherwise
acquire. We rely on copyright, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary methods and technologies, and own more than 50 patents. We rely upon common law protection for certain marks, such as
“Tremor” and “Tremor Video.”
We generally enter into confidentiality and/or license agreements with
our employees, consultants, vendors and advertisers, and we generally limit access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information. We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial
and cost effective.
Privacy and Data
Modern consumers use multiple platforms to learn about and purchase products and services, and consumers have come to expect a
seamless experience across all channels. This challenges marketing organizations to balance the demands of consumers and the most effective advertising techniques with responsible, privacy-compliant methods of managing data internally and with
advertising technology intermediaries.
In the United States, both state and federal legislation govern activities such as
the collection and use of data by companies that engage in digital advertising like us. Also, because our platform reaches users throughout the world, some of our activities may also be subject to foreign legislation. As we continue to expand
internationally, we will be subject to additional legislation and regulation, and these laws may affect how we conduct business.
The U.S. Congress and state legislatures, along with federal regulatory authorities, have increased their attention on matters
concerning the collection and use of consumer data, including relating to internet-based advertising. Data privacy legislation has been introduced in the U.S. Congress, and California has enacted the CCPA and the forthcoming CPRA. State legislatures
outside of California have proposed, and in certain cases enacted, a variety of types of data privacy legislation. Many
non-U.S.
jurisdictions have also enacted or are developing laws and regulations governing
the collection and use of personal data.
Additionally, U.S. and foreign governments have enacted or are considering
enacting legislation that could significantly restrict our ability to collect, augment, analyze, use and share data collected through cookies and similar technologies, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required before a
company can employ cookies or other electronic tools to track people online. In the United States, the FTC has commenced the examination of privacy issues that arise when marketers track consumers across multiple devices, otherwise known as
cross-device tracking. In addition to the requirements relating to cookies or similar technologies described in the section “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Legal or Regulatory Constraints—We are subject to laws and regulations
related to data privacy, data protection, and information security, and consumer protection across different markets where we conduct our business, including in the United States, the EEA and
87
Table of Contents
the United Kingdom and industry requirements and such laws, regulations, and industry requirements are constantly evolving and changing. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such
laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition
”, in the European Union and the United Kingdom, informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar
technologies on a user’s device and for direct electronic marketing. The GDPR also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent, such as a prohibition on
pre-checked
consents and a requirement to ensure
separate consents are sought for each type of cookie or similar technology.
Additionally, our compliance with our privacy
policy and our general consumer data privacy and security practices are subject to review by regulatory bodies such as the FTC, which may bring enforcement actions to challenge allegedly unfair and deceptive trade practices, including the violation
of privacy policies and representations or material omissions therein.
Certain State Attorneys General in the United
States may also bring enforcement actions based on comparable state laws or federal laws that permit state-level enforcement. In California, for example, the Attorney General may bring enforcement actions for violations of the CCPA, as modified by
the Attorney General’s enforcement guidelines. When we receive bid requests that include an
opt-out
signal, we do not sell personal information, as defined by the CCPA. We have also adopted the DAA CCPA
Compliance Framework, which includes a technical specification to identify consumer signals to
opt-out
of sale of their data, and have signed the IAB Limited Service Provider Agreement that imposes service
provider obligations for certain
opted-out
bid requests. These IAB frameworks are designed to facilitate compliance with the CCPA although the California Attorney General’s office has not yet approved
such frameworks. The CCPA sets forth high potential liabilities for data privacy violations on a
per-incident
basis, and the industry faces an uncertain compliance burden as our partners and publishers work to
become compliant with the law. Also, the CPRA, once it takes effect in January 2023, will impose additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in California, including additional consumer rights processes and
opt-outs
for certain uses of sensitive data and sharing of personal data.
Virginia
recently enacted the Virginia Privacy Act, the second comprehensive state privacy law since California voters passed the CCPA (and the subsequent CPRA). We expect the trend of enacting new and comprehensive privacy legislation to continue not only
in the US but also around the globe.
To protect against unlawful content (advertiser and publisher), we include
restrictions on content in our terms and conditions. We also manually review the websites of new publisher partners and use third party software to screen impressions we acquire through advertising exchanges.
Legal Proceedings
We may from time to time, be party to legal or regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Defending any
such legal proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse
impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or regulatory proceeding and we are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation
or regulatory proceeding against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows.
Facilities
Our headquarters are located in Tel Aviv, Israel where we occupy facilities totaling approximately 11,800 square feet under a
lease that expires in May 2024. In addition, we have key locations in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago in the United States, as well as international locations in the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and Australia. These locations support our key
business functions including sales and marketing, customer support, business development, engineering, product development and infrastructure support. We believe that our current facilities are suitable to meet our existing needs.
88
Table of Contents
MANAGEMENT
Executive Officers and Directors
The following table sets forth the name and position of each of our executive officers and directors as of the date of this
prospectus:
Name
Position
Executive Officers
Ofer Druker
Chief Executive Officer and Director
Sagi Niri
Chief Financial Officer and Director
Yaniv Carmi
Chief Operating Officer and Director
Directors
Christopher Stibbs
Non-Executive
Chairperson
Rebekah Brooks
Non-Executive
Director
Norm Johnston
Non-Executive
Director
Neil Jones
Senior
Non-Executive
Director
Joanna Parnell
Non-Executive
Director
Lisa Klinger
Non-Executive Director
Executive Officers
Ofer Druker
.
Ofer Druker has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of
directors since April 2019 following the completion of the merger with RhythmOne. From November 2017 to April 2019, Mr. Druker served as our Executive Chairman of the Tremor Video division and was instrumental in our successful integration of
Tremor Video after its acquisition in August 2017. Previously, Mr. Druker was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Matomy Media Group Ltd., a data-driven advertising company (“Matomy”) until April 2017, having built Matomy from
its inception in 2007 into a digital media company. Mr. Druker was responsible for leading and integrating Matomy’s most important strategic transactions, including the acquisitions of Team Internet, Media Whiz, Mobfox and Optimatic.
Sagi Niri.
Sagi Niri has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2020 and as a member of our board of
directors since June 2020. Mr. Niri has over 20 years of experience in finance and leadership roles in the technology and real estate sectors. Mr. Niri previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Labs (“Labs”), and Chief
Financial Officer of LabTech Investments Ltd., Labs’ parent company, which owns and manages office, retail and residential real estate in London. In addition, Mr. Niri spent over nine years at Matomy, initially as Chief Operating
Officer/Chief Financial Officer and more recently as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Niri is a member of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants in Israel and holds an M.B.A. in Finance from Manchester University and a B.A. in Corporate
Finance from the College of Management in Israel.
Yaniv Carmi.
Yaniv Carmi has served as our Chief
Operating Officer since March 2020 and as a member of our board of directors since 2014. Mr. Carmi previously served as our Chief Financial Officer from January 2010 to March 2020. He is currently responsible for the delivery of our business
plan and driving our growth ambitions. Mr. Carmi was instrumental in our initial public offering of our ordinary shares on AIM in 2014 and in the subsequent global expansion in operations, including significant M&A activity. He is an
experienced finance professional, whose previous roles include tax and audit senior at KPMG Israel. Mr. Carmi is also a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.A. in Economics and Accounting from
Ben-Gurion
University and an M.B.A. in Financial Management from Tel Aviv University.
Directors
Christopher Stibbs.
Christopher Stibbs has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2019 and as our
Non-Executive
Chairperson since September 2020. Mr. Stibbs has over 25 years of experience as an
89
Table of Contents
executive in the media industry. Until August 2019, he served as Chief Executive of The Economist Group (the “Economist Group”). Previously, he held a number of roles within the group
including head of the Economist Intelligence Unit (the group’s B2B arm) and Chief Financial Officer. He is credited with overseeing the Economist Group’s resilience and transition through the unprecedented disruption experienced by the
publishing industry over the last 15 years. Prior to this, he held positions with Pearson and Incisive Media. Mr. Stibbs is a fellow of the Associations of Chartered Accountants and Corporate Treasurers, currently has a
non-executive
role at Oxford University Press and is Chairman of Times Higher Education.
Rebekah Brooks.
Rebekah Brooks has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2020. Ms. Brooks
is Chief Executive of British newspaper publisher News Corp UK and Ireland, part of News Corp, a position she has held since 2015, having first joined News Corp in 1989. Starting as a feature writer for the News of the World, Mr. Brooks became
Editor of the Sun in 2003, a position she held until July 2009. From 2009 to 2011, she served as Chief Executive of News International, overseeing a period of significant growth in newspaper operating profit and
paid-for
digital subscriptions at The Times. Following her appointment as Chief Executive of News Corp UK and Ireland, Ms. Brooks restructured the Sun’s online strategy, driving significant audience
growth. In 2016, she also oversaw the strategic acquisition of Wireless, the owner of national radio brands talkSPORT, talkRADIO and Virgin Radio. Ms. Brooks is a Director of News Group Newspapers and Times Newspapers, and a
Non-Executive
Director of PA Group, the parent company of the Press Association.
Norm Johnston.
Norm Johnston has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2020. Mr. Johnston
is a veteran employee of News Corp. Until recently, he was the Chief Executive Officer of Unruly, the digital advertising business we acquired in January 2020, a position he has held since April 2018. Mr. Johnston has been involved in digital
marketing since joining the marketing industry’s first digital agency, Modem Media in 1995. In 1997, Mr. Johnston launched Modem Media UK (“Modem”), one of Britain’s first and most successful digital agencies. After Modem
was acquired by Publicis in 2007, Mr. Johnston joined WPP and GroupM’s Mindshare, where he held a number of senior roles between 2007 and 2018, including Global Chief Digital Officer and Global Chief Executive Officer of its FAST business
unit, a team of over 2,000 specialists in 115 cities working for global clients such as Unilever, Nestle and American Express. Mr. Johnston holds a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Northwestern University and an M.B.A. in Marketing
from Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business.
Neil Jones.
Neil Jones has served as a member of our
board of directors since 2014. Mr. Jones is currently Chief Operating Officer and a member of the board of directors of Huntsworth plc, a healthcare communications and public relations group, which is listed on the Main Market of the London
Stock Exchange. Between February 2016 and October 2019, Mr. Jones held the position of Chief Financial Officer at Huntsworth plc. He joined Huntsworth plc from ITE Group plc, the international exhibitions group, where he held the position of
Chief Financial Officer from 2008. Between 2003 and 2008, Mr. Jones was Group Finance Director at Tarsus Group plc, and prior to that, he spent five years as Finance Director (Europe) at Advanstar Communications. Mr. Jones has a B.A. in
Economics from the University of Manchester and completed the ACA in July 1990 with Price Waterhouse.
Joanna
Parnell.
Joanna Parnell has served as a member of our board of directors since 2014. Ms. Parnell is the
Co-Founder
of strategic marketing consultancy Project50, designing commercial growth
strategies for
C-suite
business leaders in the United Kingdom and the United States. Previously, Ms. Parnell was Managing Partner at Wavemaker (formerly MEC), one of the world’s leading media agency
networks and owned by WPP plc, where she led the paid digital and data team, overseeing the agency’s focus on data driven campaigns. Prior to moving to Wavemaker in March 2016, Ms. Parnell was Director of Strategy and sat on the management
team at Unique Digital (now a WPP plc company), with responsibility for setting product and business strategy, including leading the multichannel planning strategy (cross-device and cross-platform), managing product heads and driving key initiatives
across data buying, attribution modelling and biddable media adaptation. Ms. Parnell has a Masters in German and Business from the University of Edinburgh and studied at the London School of Marketing between 2005 and 2006.
90
Table of Contents
Lisa Klinger.
Lisa Klinger has served as a member of our board
of directors since April 2021. Ms. Klinger has nearly 30 years of experience in international finance. Most recently, Ms. Klinger was Chief Financial Officer at Ideal Image Development Corp, one of the largest cosmetic and aesthetic services
providers in the United States, between 2018 and 2019, and prior to that she held the role of Chief Financial and Administrative Officer between 2016 and 2017 at Peloton Interactive Inc., the American exercise equipment and media company.
Ms. Klinger has also held senior finance roles at Fresh Market Inc., where she was Executive and Vice President, Chief Financial Officer for three years, as well as at Michaels Stores Inc., where she was Senior Vice President, Finance and
Treasurer for four years, and Acting Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Klinger is currently a member of the board of directors and the chair of the audit committee of Emerald Holding Inc. (NYSE:EEX), a leading operator of B2B trade shows in the United
States, and a member of the board of directors of PartyCity HoldCo Inc. (NYSE:PRTY), a party goods retailer in North America. Ms. Klinger holds a B.S.B.A. in Finance from Bowling Green State University.
Corporate Governance Practices; External Directors
As an Israeli company, we are subject to various corporate governance requirements under the Companies Law, including the
requirement to appoint at least two external directors to the board of directors. However, pursuant to regulations promulgated under the Companies Law, companies with shares or ADSs traded on certain U.S. stock exchanges, including
, may, subject to certain conditions, “opt out” from the Companies Law requirements to appoint external directors and related Companies Law
rules concerning the composition of the audit committee and compensation committee of the board of directors (other than the gender diversification rule under the Companies Law, which requires the appointment of a director from the other gender if
at the time a director is appointed all members of the board of directors are of the same gender). These regulations however do not permit an Israeli company whose shares are only traded on AIM, a market of the London Stock Exchange, to “opt
out” from such Companies Law requirements. Accordingly, until this offering we were not able to “opt out” from such requirements, and our board of directors included three external directors, and we have complied with the related
Companies Law rules concerning the composition of the audit committee and compensation committee of the board of directors.
In connection with this offering and the listing of our ADSs for trading
on                , we elected to “opt out” from such requirements of the Companies Law effective upon the closing of this offering, and our three external
directors, Neil Jones, Joanna Parnell and Lisa Klinger, will become regular directors, except that their current term of office shall expire at the 2023 annual general meeting. Under these regulations, the exemptions from such Companies Law
requirements will continue to be available to us so long as: (i) we do not have a “controlling shareholder” (as such term is defined under the Companies Law), (ii) our shares or ADSs are traded on certain U.S. stock exchanges,
including                 , and (iii) we comply with the director independence requirements and the audit committee and compensation committee composition
requirements under U.S. laws (including applicable rules of                 ) applicable to U.S. domestic issuers.
After the closing of this offering, we will be a “foreign private issuer” (as such term is defined in Rule 405
under the Securities Act). As a foreign private issuer we will be permitted to comply with Israeli corporate governance practices instead of the corporate governance rules of
, provided that we disclose which requirements we are not following and the equivalent Israeli requirement.
We intend to rely on this “foreign private issuer exemption” with respect to the quorum requirement for shareholder
meetings. As permitted under the Companies Law, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, the quorum required for an ordinary meeting of shareholders will consist of at least two
shareholders present in person, by proxy or by other voting instrument in accordance with the Companies Law who hold at least 25% of the voting power of our shares (and if the meeting is adjourned for a lack of quorum, the quorum for such adjourned
meeting will be, subject to certain exceptions, any number of shareholders), instead of 33
1/3
% of the issued share capital as required under the corporate governance rules of
. We otherwise intend to comply with the rules generally applicable to U.S.
91
Table of Contents
domestic companies listed on                 . We may, however, in the future decide to use the “foreign
private issuer exemption” and opt out of some or all of the other corporate governance rules.
Board of Directors
Under the Companies Law and our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering,
our business and affairs will be managed under the direction of our board of directors. Our board of directors may exercise all powers and may take all actions that are not specifically granted to our shareholders or to executive management. Our
Chief Executive Officer (referred to as a “general manager” under the Companies Law) is responsible for our
day-to-day
management. Our Chief Executive Officer
is appointed by, and serves at the discretion of, our board of directors, subject to the employment agreement that we have entered into with him. All other executive officers are appointed by the Chief Executive Officer, subject to applicable
corporate approvals, and are subject to the terms of any applicable employment or consulting agreements that we may enter into with them.
Under our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, the number of
directors on our board of directors will be no less than four and no more than nine directors. At each annual general meeting of our shareholders, the election or
re-election
of directors following the
expiration of the term of office of the directors will be for a term of office that expires on next annual general meeting following such election or
re-election,
except that, in accordance with Israeli law,
the current term of office of our directors — Neil Jones, Joanna Parnell and Lisa Klinger, who served as our external Directors in accordance with Israeli law until this offering, shall expire at the 2023 annual general meeting.
Our directors will be appointed by a simple majority vote of holders of our ordinary shares, participating and voting at an
annual general meeting of our shareholders, provided that (i) in the event of a contested election, the method of calculation of the votes and the manner in which the resolutions will be presented to our shareholders at the general meeting
shall be determined by our board of directors in its discretion, and (ii) in the event that our board of directors does not or is unable to make a determination on such matter, then the directors will be elected by a majority of the voting
power represented at the general meeting in person or by proxy and voting on the election of directors provided that if the number of nominees so elected exceeds the number of directors that are proposed by the board of directors to be elected, then
as among such elected nominees the election shall be by a plurality of the votes cast. Each director will hold office until the annual general meeting of our shareholders for the year in which such director’s term expires, unless the tenure of
such director expires earlier pursuant to the Companies Law or unless such director is removed from office as described below.
Under our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, the approval of the
holders of at least 65% of the total voting power of our shareholders is generally required to remove any of our directors from office or amend the provision requiring the approval of at least 65% of the total voting power of our shareholders to
remove any of our directors from office. In addition, vacancies on our board of directors may only be filled by a vote of a simple majority of the directors then in office. A director so appointed will hold office until the next annual general
meeting of our shareholders for the election of the class of directors in respect of which the vacancy was created, or in the case of a vacancy due to the number of directors being less than the maximum number of directors stated in our amended and
restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders for the election of the class of directors to which such director was assigned by our board of directors.
Chairperson of the Board
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering provide that the chairperson
of the board of directors is appointed by the members of the board of directors from among them. Under the Companies Law, the chief executive officer of a public company, or a relative of the chief
92
Table of Contents
executive officer, may not serve as the chairperson of the board of directors, and the chairperson of the board of directors, or a relative of the chairperson, may not be vested with authorities
of the chief executive officer unless approved by a special majority of the company’s shareholders. The shareholders’ approval can be effective for a period of up to three years.
In addition, a person who is subordinated, directly or indirectly, to the chief executive officer may not serve as the
chairperson of the board of directors, the chairperson of the board of directors may not be vested with authorities that are granted to persons who are subordinated to the chief executive officer and the chairperson of the board of directors may not
serve in any other position in the company or in a controlled subsidiary, but may serve as a director or chairperson of a controlled subsidiary.
Audit Committee
Companies Law Requirements
Under the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company must appoint an audit committee.
Listing Requirements
Under the corporate governance rules of
, we are required to maintain an audit committee consisting of at least three independent directors, each of whom is financially literate and one of whom
has accounting or related financial management expertise.
Our audit committee consists of Neil Jones, Joanna Parnell and
Lisa Klinger. Lisa Klinger serves as the chairperson of the audit committee. All members of our audit committee meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the corporate governance rules of
. Our board of directors has determined that each of and Neil Jones is an audit committee financial expert as defined by the SEC rules and has the
requisite financial experience as defined by the corporate governance rules of                 .
Our board of directors has determined that each member of our audit committee is “independent” as such term is
defined in Rule
10A-3(b)(1)
under the Exchange Act, which is different from the general test for independence of board and committee members.
Audit Committee Role
Our board of directors has adopted an audit committee charter setting forth the responsibilities of the audit committee, which
are consistent with the Companies Law, the SEC rules and the corporate governance rules of                  and include:
•
retaining and terminating our independent auditors, subject to ratification by the board of directors, and in
the case of retention, to ratification by the shareholders;
•
pre-approving
audit and
non-audit
services to be provided by the independent auditors and related fees and terms;
•
overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of our company and audits of our financial
statements, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and making such reports as may be required of an audit committee under the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act;
•
reviewing with management and our independent auditor our annual and quarterly financial statements prior to
publication or filing (or submission, as the case may be) to the SEC;
93
Table of Contents
•
recommending to the board of directors the retention and termination of the internal auditor, and the internal
auditor’s engagement fees and terms, in accordance with the Companies Law as well as approving the yearly or periodic work plan proposed by the internal auditor;
•
reviewing with our general counsel and/or external counsel, as deemed necessary, legal and regulatory matters
that could have a material impact on the financial statements;
•
identifying irregularities in our business administration by among other things, consulting with the internal
auditor or with the independent auditor, and suggesting corrective measures to the board of directors;
•
reviewing policies and procedures with respect to transactions between the Company and officers and directors
(other than transactions related to the compensation or terms of service of officers and directors), or affiliates of officers or directors, or transactions that are not in the ordinary course of the Company’s business and deciding whether to
approve such acts and transactions if so required under the Companies Law; and
•
establishing procedures for the handling of employees’ complaints as to the management of our business
and the protection to be provided to such employees.
Compensation Committee
Companies Law Requirements
Under the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company must appoint a compensation committee.
Listing Requirements
Under the corporate governance rules of
, we are required to maintain a compensation committee consisting of at least three independent directors.
Our compensation committee consists of Neil Jones, Joanna Parnell and Lisa Klinger. Neil Jones serves as chairperson of the
committee. Our board of directors has determined that each member of our compensation committee is independent under the corporate governance rules of                 ,
including the additional independence requirements applicable to the members of a compensation committee.
Compensation Committee
Role
In accordance with the Companies Law, the roles of the compensation committee are, among others, as follows:
•
making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the approval of the compensation policy for
office holders;
•
reviewing the implementation of the compensation policy and periodically making recommendations to the board
of directors with respect to any amendments or updates of the compensation policy;
•
resolving whether or not to approve arrangements with respect to the terms of office and employment of office
holders; and
•
exempting, under certain circumstances, transactions with our Chief Executive Officer from the approval of our
shareholders.
Our board of directors has adopted a compensation committee charter setting forth the
responsibilities of the committee, which are consistent with the corporate governance rules of                  and include among others:
•
recommending to our board of directors for its approval a compensation policy in accordance with the
requirements of the Companies Law as well as other compensation policies, incentive-based
94
Table of Contents
compensation plans and equity-based compensation plans, and overseeing the development and implementation of such policies and recommending to our board of directors any amendments or
modifications the committee deems appropriate, including as required under the Companies Law;
•
reviewing and approving the granting of options and other incentive awards to our Chief Executive Officer and
other executive officers, including reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers, including evaluating their performance in light of such goals and
objectives;
•
approving and exempting certain transactions regarding office holders’ compensation pursuant to the
Companies Law; and
•
administering our equity-based compensation plans, including without limitation, approving the adoption of
such plans, amending and interpreting such plans and the awards and agreements issued pursuant thereto, and making awards to eligible persons under the plans and determining the terms of such awards.
Compensation Policy under the Companies Law
In general, under the Companies Law, a public company must have a compensation policy approved by its board of directors after
receiving and considering the recommendations of the compensation committee.
The compensation policy must be based on
certain considerations, include certain provisions and reference certain matters as set forth in the Companies Law. The compensation policy must serve as the basis for decisions concerning the financial terms of employment or engagement of office
holders, including exculpation, insurance, indemnification or any monetary payment or obligation of payment in respect of employment or engagement. The compensation policy must be determined and later reevaluated according to certain factors,
including: the advancement of the company’s objectives, business plan and long-term strategy; the creation of appropriate incentives for office holders, while considering, among other things, the company’s risk management policy; the size
and the nature of the company’s operations; and with respect to variable compensation, the contribution of the office holder towards the achievement of the company’s long-term goals and the maximization of its profits, all with a long-term
objective and according to the position of the office holder. The compensation policy must furthermore consider the following additional factors:
•
the education, skills, experience, expertise and accomplishments of the relevant office holder;
•
the office holder’s position and responsibilities;
•
prior compensation agreements with the office holder;
•
the ratio between the cost of the terms of employment of an office holder and the cost of the employment of
other employees of the company, including employees employed through contractors who provide services to the company, in particular the ratio between such cost to the average and median salary of such employees of the company, as well as the impact
of disparities between them on the work relationships in the company;
•
if the terms of employment include variable components — the possibility of reducing variable components
at the discretion of the board of directors and the possibility of setting a limit on the value of
non-cash
variable equity-based components; and
•
if the terms of employment include severance compensation — the term of employment or office of the
office holder, the terms of the office holder’s compensation during such period, the company’s performance during such period, the office holder’s individual contribution to the achievement of the company goals and the maximization of
its profits and the circumstances under which he or she is leaving the company.
95
Table of Contents
The compensation policy must also include, among other things:
•
with regards to variable components:
•
with the exception of office holders who report to the chief executive officer, a means of determining the
variable components on the basis of long-term performance and measurable criteria; provided that the company may determine that an immaterial part of the variable components of the compensation package of an office holder shall be awarded based on
non-measurable
criteria, if such amount is not higher than three months’ salary per annum, taking into account such office holder’s contribution to the company;
•
the ratio between variable and fixed components, as well as the limit of the values of variable components at
the time of their payment, or in the case of equity-based compensation, at the time of grant;
•
a condition under which the office holder will return to the company, according to conditions to be set forth
in the compensation policy, any amounts paid as part of the office holder’s terms of employment, if such amounts were paid based on information later to be discovered to be wrong, and such information was restated in the company’s
financial statements;
•
the minimum holding or vesting period of variable equity-based components to be set in the terms of office or
employment, as applicable, while taking into consideration long-term incentives; and
•
a limit to retirement grants.
Our compensation policy was last adopted by our compensation committee, board of directors and shareholders in
, 2021 and will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
Nominating and Governance Committee
Our nominating and governance committee consists of Neil Jones, Joana Parnell and Christopher Stibbs. Christopher Stibbs serves
as chairperson of the committee. Our board of directors has adopted a nominating and governance committee charter setting forth the responsibilities of the committee, which include:
•
overseeing and assisting our board in reviewing and recommending nominees for election as directors;
•
assessing the performance of the members of our board; and
•
establishing and maintaining effective corporate governance policies and practices, including, but not limited
to, developing and recommending to our board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to our business.
Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers
Directors
Under the Companies Law, the compensation of our directors requires the approval of our compensation committee, the subsequent
approval of the board of directors and, unless exempted under regulations promulgated under the Companies Law, the approval of the shareholders at a general meeting. If the compensation of our directors is inconsistent with our stated compensation
policy, then those provisions that must be included in the compensation policy according to the Companies Law must have been considered by the compensation committee and board of directors, and shareholder approval will also be required, provided
that:
•
at least a majority of the shares held by all shareholders who are not controlling shareholders and do not
have a personal interest in such matter, present and voting at such meeting, are voted in favor of the compensation package, excluding abstentions; or
96
Table of Contents
•
the total number of shares of
non-controlling
shareholders and
shareholders who do not have a personal interest in such matter voting against the compensation package does not exceed two percent (2%) of the aggregate voting rights in the Company.
Executive Officers other than the Chief Executive Officer
The Companies Law requires the approval of the compensation of a public company’s executive officers (other than the chief
executive officer or an executive officer who also serves as a director) in the following order: (i) the compensation committee, (ii) the company’s board of directors, and (iii) if such compensation arrangement is inconsistent
with the company’s stated compensation policy, the company’s shareholders (by a special majority vote as discussed above with respect to the approval of director compensation). However, if the shareholders of the company decline to approve
a compensation arrangement with an executive officer that is inconsistent with the company’s stated compensation policy, the compensation committee and board of directors may override the shareholders’ decision if each of the compensation
committee and the board of directors provide detailed reasons for their decision.
An amendment to an existing arrangement
with an office holder (who is not a director) requires only the approval of the compensation committee, if the compensation committee determines that the amendment is not material in comparison to the existing arrangement. However, according to
regulations promulgated under the Companies Law, an amendment to an existing arrangement with an office holder (who is not a director) who is subordinate to the chief executive officer shall not require the approval of the compensation committee, if
(i) the amendment is approved by the chief executive officer, (ii) the company’s compensation policy provides that a non-material amendment to the terms of service of an office holder (other than the chief executive officer) may be
approved by the chief executive officer and (iii) the engagement terms are consistent with the company’s compensation policy.
Chief Executive Officer
Under the Companies Law, the compensation of a public company’s chief executive officer is required to be approved by:
(i) the company’s compensation committee; (ii) the company’s board of directors, and (iii) the company’s shareholders, provided that:
•
at least a majority of the shares held by all shareholders who are not controlling shareholders and do not
have a personal interest in such matter, present and voting at such meeting, are voted in favor of the compensation package, excluding abstentions; or
•
the total number of shares of
non-controlling
shareholders and
shareholders who do not have a personal interest in such matter voting against the compensation package does not exceed two percent (2%) of the aggregate voting rights in the Company.
However, if the shareholders of the company decline to approve the compensation arrangement with the chief executive officer,
the compensation committee and board of directors may override the shareholders’ decision if each of the compensation committee and the board of directors provide a detailed report for their decision. The approval of each of the compensation
committee and the board of directors should be in accordance with the company’s stated compensation policy; however, in special circumstances, they may approve compensation terms of a chief executive officer that are inconsistent with such
policy provided that they have considered those provisions that must be included in the compensation policy according to the Companies Law and that shareholder approval was obtained (by a special majority vote as discussed above with respect to the
approval of director compensation that is inconsistent with the compensation policy). In addition, the compensation committee may waive the shareholder approval requirement with regards to the approval of the engagement terms of a candidate for the
chief executive officer position, if they determine that the compensation arrangement is consistent with the company’s stated compensation policy and that the chief executive officer candidate did not have a prior business relationship with the
company or a controlling shareholder of the
97
Table of Contents
company and that subjecting the approval of the engagement to a shareholder vote would impede the company’s ability to employ the chief executive officer candidate. Such waiver does not
preclude the need for approval of the compensation of a chief executive officer candidate who also serves as a member of the board of directors, and his or her compensation terms as chief executive officer must be approved in accordance with the
rules applicable to approval of compensation of directors.
Aggregate Compensation of Office Holders
The aggregate compensation, including share-based compensation, paid by us and our subsidiaries to our executive officers and
directors for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately $                 million. This amount includes approximately
$                 million set aside or accrued to provide pension, severance, retirement or similar benefits or expenses, but does not include business travel,
relocation, professional and business association dues and expenses reimbursed to office holders, and other benefits commonly reimbursed or paid by companies in Israel.
As of December 31, 2020, (i) options to purchase
ordinary shares granted to our executive officers and directors were outstanding under our equity incentive plans at a weighted average exercise price
of $                 per ordinary share, and (ii)                 RSUs granted to our
executive officers and directors were outstanding under our equity incentive plans.
Non-Executive Directors
We currently pay the chairman of our board of directors an annual cash retainer of £150,000 (approximately
$                 ) and each of our other non-executive directors an annual cash retainer of £43,000 (approximately
$                 ). In addition, we pay the chair of each of our audit committee and compensation committee an annual cash retainer of £7,000 (approximately
$                 ), and we pay our senior non-executive director, Neil Jones, an additional annual cash retainer of £5,000 (approximately
$                 ).
Executive Officers
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director.
Effective upon the closing, we will pay Ofer Druker, our
Chief Executive Officer and executive director, an annual base salary of $720,000, and he is eligible to an annual bonus equal to up to 100% of his annual base salary (or $720,000), subject to compliance with annual performance criteria to be
determined by the compensation committee each year. Mr. Druker is also entitled to a special bonus of $500,000 upon completion of this offering.
Our compensation committee, board of directors and shareholders approved to grant to Mr. Druker, effective upon the closing of
this offering, 2,625,000 RSUs and 1,125,000 performance share units (“PSUs”) pursuant to our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”). The RSUs vest gradually over a period of three years, with 8.33% of the grant vesting each
quarter, subject to Mr. Druker continuing to be employed by the group on the applicable vesting date. The PSUs vest gradually over a period of three years, with 33.33% of each grant vesting each year, subject to (i) Mr. Druker continuing to be
employed by the group on the applicable vesting date, and (ii) compliance with performance-based metrics as determined by the compensation committee. The vesting of the RSUs and PSUs shall accelerate in full automatically upon the consummation of a
change in control of the Company.
Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director.
Effective upon the closing, we
will pay Yaniv Carmi, our Chief Operating Officer and executive director, an annual base salary of $600,000, and he is eligible to an annual bonus equal to up to 80% of his annual base salary (or $480,000), subject to compliance with annual
performance criteria to be determined by the compensation committee each year. Mr. Carmi is also entitled to a special bonus of $500,000 upon completion of this offering, and to a special bonus of £300,000 (or
$                 ) in the event of a company sale (or a pro rata portion in the case of a partial sale).
98
Table of Contents
Our compensation committee, board of directors and shareholders approved to
grant to Mr. Carmi, effective upon the closing of this offering, 1,155,000 RSUs and 495,000 PSUs pursuant to our 2017 Plan. The RSUs vest gradually over a period of three years, with 8.33% of the grant vesting each quarter, subject to Mr. Carmi
continuing to be employed by the group on the applicable vesting date. The PSUs vest gradually over a period of three years, with 33.33% of each grant vesting each year, subject to (i) Mr. Carmi continuing to be employed by the group on the
applicable vesting date, and (ii) compliance with performance-based metrics as determined by the compensation committee. The vesting of the RSUs and PSUs shall accelerate in full automatically upon the consummation of a change in control of the
company.
Chief
Financial Officer and Executive Director
. Effective upon the closing, we will pay Sagi Niri,
our Chief Financial Officer and executive director, an annual base salary of NIS 1,200,000 (approximately $365,000), and he is eligible to an annual bonus equal to up to 82% of his annual base salary (or $300,000), subject to compliance with annual
performance criteria to be determined by the compensation committee each year. Mr. Niri is also entitled to a special bonus of $500,000 upon completion of this offering.
Our compensation committee, board of directors and shareholders approved to grant to Mr. Niri, effective upon the closing of
this offering, 945,000 RSUs and 405,000 PSUs pursuant to our Global Share Incentive Plan (2011), as amended (the “2011 Plan”). The RSUs vest gradually over a period of three years, with 8.33% of the grant vesting each quarter, subject to
Mr. Niri continuing to be employed by the group on the applicable vesting date. The PSUs vest gradually over a period of three years, with 33.33% of each grant vesting each year, subject to (i) Mr. Niri continuing to be employed by the group on the
applicable vesting date, and (ii) compliance with performance-based metrics as determined by the compensation committee. The vesting of the RSUs and PSUs shall accelerate in full automatically upon the consummation of a change in control of the
company.
Internal Auditor
Under the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company must appoint an internal auditor based on the
recommendation of the audit committee. The role of the internal auditor is, among other things, to examine whether a company’s actions comply with applicable law and orderly business procedure. Under the Companies Law, the internal auditor
cannot be an interested party or an office holder or a relative of an interested party or an office holder, nor may the internal auditor be the company’s independent auditor or its representative. An “interested party” is defined in
the Companies Law as (i) a holder of 5% or more of the issued share capital or voting power in a company, (ii) any person or entity who has the right to designate one or more directors or to designate the chief executive officer of the
company or (iii) any person who serves as a director or as chief executive officer of the company. Fahn Kanne Control Management Ltd., Grant Thornton Israel, serves as our internal auditor.
Approval of Related Party Transactions under Israeli Law
Fiduciary Duties of Directors and Executive Officers
The Companies Law codifies the fiduciary duties that office holders owe to a company. An office holder is defined in the
Companies Law as a general manager, chief business manager, deputy general manager, vice general manager, any other person assuming the responsibilities of any of these positions regardless of such person’s title, a director and any other
manager directly subordinate to the general manager. Each person listed in the table under “
Management—Executive Officers and Directors
” is an office holder under the Companies Law.
99
Table of Contents
An office holder’s fiduciary duties consist of a duty of care and a
duty of loyalty. The duty of care requires an office holder to act with the level of care with which a reasonable office holder in the same position would have acted under the same circumstances. The duty of care includes, among other things, a duty
to use reasonable means, in light of the circumstances, to obtain:
•
information on the business advisability of a given action brought for his, her or its approval or performed
by virtue of his, her or its position; and
•
all other important information pertaining to such action.
The duty of loyalty requires that an office holder act in good faith and in the best interests of the company, and includes,
among other things, the duty to:
•
refrain from any act involving a conflict of interest between the performance of his, her or its duties in the
company and his, her or its other duties or personal affairs;
•
refrain from any activity that is competitive with the business of the company;
•
refrain from exploiting any business opportunity of the company for the purpose of gaining a personal
advantage for himself, herself or itself or others; and
•
disclose to the company any information or documents relating to the company’s affairs which the office
holder received as a result of his, her or its position as an office holder.
Under the Companies Law, a
company may approve an act specified above which would otherwise constitute a breach of the office holder’s fiduciary duty, provided that the office holder acted in good faith, neither the act nor its approval harms the company and the office
holder discloses his, her or its personal interest a sufficient time before the approval of such act. Any such approval is subject to the terms of the Companies Law setting forth, among other things, the appropriate bodies of the company required to
provide such approval and the methods of obtaining such approval.
Disclosure of Personal Interests of an Office Holder and Approval
of Certain Transactions
The Companies Law requires that an office holder promptly disclose to the board of
directors any personal interest that such office holder may have and all related material information known to such office holder concerning any existing or proposed transaction with the company. A personal interest includes an interest of any
person in an act or transaction of a company, including a personal interest of one’s relative or of a corporate body in which such person or a relative of such person is a 5% or greater shareholder, director or general manager or in which such
person has the right to appoint at least one director or the general manager, but excluding a personal interest stemming solely from one’s ownership of shares in the company. A personal interest includes the personal interest of a person for
whom the office holder holds a voting proxy or the personal interest of the office holder with respect to the office holder’s vote on behalf of a person for whom he or she holds a proxy even if such shareholder has no personal interest in the
matter.
If it is determined that an office holder has a personal interest in a
non-extraordinary
transaction, meaning any transaction that is in the ordinary course of business, on market terms or that is not likely to have a material impact on the company’s profitability, assets or
liabilities, approval by the board of directors is required for the transaction unless the company’s articles of association provide for a different method of approval. Any such transaction that is adverse to the company’s interests may
not be approved by the board of directors.
Approval first by the company’s audit committee and subsequently by the
board of directors is required for an extraordinary transaction (meaning any transaction that is not in the ordinary course of business, not on market terms or that is likely to have a material impact on the company’s profitability, assets or
liabilities) in which an office holder has a personal interest.
100
Table of Contents
A director and any other office holder who has a personal interest in a
transaction which is considered at a meeting of the board of directors or the audit committee may generally (unless it is with respect to a transaction which is not an extraordinary transaction) not be present at such a meeting or vote on that
matter unless a majority of the directors or members of the audit committee, as applicable, have a personal interest in the matter. If a majority of the members of the audit committee or the board of directors have a personal interest in the matter,
then all of the directors may participate in deliberations of the audit committee or board of directors, as applicable, with respect to such transaction and vote on the approval thereof and, in such case, shareholder approval is also required.
Certain disclosure and approval requirements apply under Israeli law to certain transactions with controlling shareholders,
certain transactions in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest and certain arrangements regarding the terms of service or employment of a controlling shareholder. For these purposes, a controlling shareholder is any shareholder that
has the ability to direct the company’s actions, including any shareholder holding 25% or more of the voting rights if no other shareholder owns more than 50% of the voting rights in the company. Two or more shareholders with a personal
interest in the approval of the same transaction are deemed to be one shareholder for these purposes.
For a description
of the approvals required under Israeli law for compensation arrangements of officers and directors, see “—
Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers
.”
Shareholder Duties
Pursuant to the Companies Law, a shareholder has a duty to act in good faith and in a customary manner toward the company and
other shareholders and to refrain from abusing his or her power with respect to the company, including, among other things, in voting at a general meeting and at shareholder class meetings with respect to the following matters:
•
an amendment to the company’s articles of association;
•
an increase of the company’s authorized share capital;
•
a merger; or
•
interested party transactions that require shareholder approval.
In addition, a shareholder has a general duty to refrain from discriminating against other shareholders.
Certain shareholders also have a duty of fairness toward the company. These shareholders include any controlling shareholder,
any shareholder who knows that it has the power to determine the outcome of a shareholder vote and any shareholder who has the power to appoint or to prevent the appointment of an office holder of the company or exercise any other rights available
to it under the company’s articles of association with respect to the company. The Companies Law does not define the substance of this duty of fairness, except to state that the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also
apply in the event of a breach of the duty of fairness.
Exculpation, Insurance and Indemnification of Office Holders
Under the Companies Law, a company may not exculpate an office holder from liability for a breach of the duty of loyalty. An
Israeli company may exculpate an office holder in advance from liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the company as a result of a breach of duty of care but only if a provision authorizing such exculpation is included
in its articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering include such a provision. An Israeli company may not exculpate a director from liability arising out of a prohibited
dividend or distribution to shareholders.
101
Table of Contents
An Israeli company may indemnify an office holder in respect of the
following liabilities and expenses incurred for acts performed as an office holder, either in advance of an event or following an event, provided a provision authorizing such indemnification is contained in its articles of association:
•
a financial liability imposed on him or her in favor of another person pursuant to a judgment, including a
settlement or arbitrator’s award approved by a court. However, if an undertaking to indemnify an office holder with respect to such liability is provided in advance, then such an undertaking must be limited to events which, in the opinion of
the board of directors, can be foreseen based on the company’s activities when the undertaking to indemnify is given, and to an amount or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances, and such
undertaking shall detail the abovementioned events and amount or criteria;
•
reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the office holder (1) as a result of an
investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding, provided that (i) no indictment was filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or
proceeding; and (ii) no financial liability, such as a criminal penalty, was imposed upon him or her as a substitute for the criminal proceeding as a result of such investigation or proceeding or, if such financial liability was imposed, it was
imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; and (2) in connection with a monetary sanction;
•
reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the office holder or imposed by a court in
proceedings instituted against him or her by the company, on its behalf or by a third-party or in connection with criminal proceedings in which the office holder was acquitted or as a result of a conviction for an offense that does not require proof
of criminal intent; and
•
expenses, including reasonable litigation expenses and legal fees, incurred by an office holder in relation to
an administrative proceeding instituted against such office holder, or certain compensation payments made to an injured party imposed on an office holder by an administrative proceeding, pursuant to certain provisions of the Israeli Securities Law,
1968 (the “Israeli Securities Law”).
An Israeli company may insure an office holder against
the following liabilities incurred for acts performed as an office holder if and to the extent provided in the company’s articles of association:
•
a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company, to the extent that the office holder acted in good faith and
had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not prejudice the company;
•
a breach of the duty of care to the company or to a third-party, including a breach arising out of the
negligent conduct of the office holder;
•
a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a third-party;
•
a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a third-party harmed by a breach in an
administrative proceeding; and
•
expenses, including reasonable litigation expenses and legal fees, incurred by the office holder as a result
of an administrative proceeding instituted against him or her, pursuant to certain provisions of the Israeli Securities Law.
An Israeli company may not indemnify or insure an office holder against any of the following:
•
a breach of the duty of loyalty, except to the extent that the office holder acted in good faith and had a
reasonable basis to believe that the act would not prejudice the company;
•
a breach of the duty of care committed intentionally or recklessly, excluding a breach arising out of the
negligent conduct of the office holder;
•
an act or omission committed with intent to derive illegal personal benefit; or
•
a fine, monetary sanction or forfeit levied against the office holder.
102
Table of Contents
Under the Companies Law, exculpation, indemnification and insurance of
office holders must be approved by the compensation committee and the board of directors (and, with respect to directors and the chief executive officer, by the shareholders). However, under regulations promulgated under the Companies Law, the
insurance of office holders does not require shareholder approval and may be approved by only the compensation committee, if the engagement terms are determined in accordance with the company’s compensation policy, which was approved by the
shareholders by the same special majority required to approve a compensation policy, provided that the insurance policy is on market terms and the insurance policy is not likely to materially impact the company’s profitability, assets or
obligations.
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering allow us
to exculpate, indemnify and insure our office holders for any liability imposed on them as a consequence of an act (including any omission) which was performed by virtue of being an office holder. Our office holders are currently covered by a
directors and officers’ liability insurance policy.
We have entered into agreements with each of our directors and
executive officers exculpating them in advance, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from liability to us for damages caused to us as a result of a breach of duty of care, and undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This indemnification is limited to events determined as foreseeable by the board of directors based on our activities, and to an amount or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances.
The maximum indemnification amount set forth in such agreements is limited to an amount equal to the higher of
$50 million and 25% of our total shareholders’ equity as reflected in our most recent consolidated financial statements prior to the date on which the indemnity payment is made (other than indemnification for an offering of securities to
the public, including by a shareholder in a secondary offering, in which case the maximum indemnification amount is limited to the gross proceeds raised by us and/or any selling shareholder in such public offering). The maximum amount set forth in
such agreements is in addition to any amount paid (if paid) under insurance and/or by a third-party pursuant to an indemnification arrangement.
In the opinion of the SEC, indemnification of directors and office holders for liabilities arising under the Securities Act,
however, is against public policy and therefore unenforceable.
Employment and Consulting Agreements with Executive Officers
We have entered into written employment agreements with each of our executive officers. These agreements provide for notice
periods of varying duration for termination of the agreement by us or by the relevant executive officer, during which time the executive officer will continue to receive salary and benefits. These agreements also contain customary provisions
regarding
non-competition,
non-solicitation
confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. However, the enforceability of the
non-competition
provisions may be limited under applicable law.
Equity Incentive Plans
2011 Equity Incentive Plan
We maintain the 2011 Plan, under which we may grant equity based incentive awards to attract, motivate and retain the talent
for which we compete.
The 2011 Plan is administered by our board of directors with the assistance of the compensation
committee, and provides for the grant of options, restricted shares and restricted share units.
The 2011 Plan provides
for granting awards under various tax regimes, including, without limitation, in compliance with Section 102 of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 5721-1961 (the “Ordinance”).
103
Table of Contents
Section 102 of the Ordinance allows employees, directors and officers who are not controlling shareholders and are considered Israeli residents to receive favorable tax treatment for
compensation in the form of shares, restricted share units or options, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Ordinance. Our
non-employee
service providers and controlling shareholders may only
be granted awards under section 3(i) of the Ordinance, which does not provide for similar tax benefits.
2017 Equity Incentive Plan
We maintain the 2017 Plan under which we may grant equity based incentive awards to attract, motivate and retain
the talent for which we compete. The 2017 Plan is administered by our board of directors with the assistance of the compensation committee.
The 2017 Plan provides for granting awards under various tax regimes, including, without limitation, awards granted to our
United States employees or service providers, including those who are deemed to be residents of the United States for tax purposes, Section 422 of the Code and Section 409A of the Code.
The 2017 Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options),
restricted shares, restricted share units, performance bonus awards, performance units and performance shares. Options granted under the 2017 Plan to our employees who are U.S. residents may qualify as “incentive stock options” within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code, or may be
non-qualified
stock options.
As of December 31, 2020, a total of 3,780,267 options to purchase ordinary shares, with a weighted average exercise price of
£1.6 per share and 7,630,228 restricted share units were outstanding under the 2011 and 2017 Plans. As of December 31, 2020, 6,052,118 ordinary shares were available for future issuance under the 2011 and 2017 Plans.
104
Table of Contents
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of
, 2021 as adjusted to reflect this offering, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional ADSs:
•
each person or entity known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares;
•
each of our directors and executive officers individually; and
•
all of our executive officers and directors as a group.
The beneficial ownership of ordinary shares is determined in accordance with the SEC rules and generally includes any ordinary
shares over which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. For purposes of the table below, we deem shares subject to options or warrants that
are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of                     , 2021 to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person
holding the options or warrants for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of that person but we do not treat them as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person, except with respect to the
ownership and percentage ownership of all executive officers and directors as a group.
The percentage of shares
beneficially owned after to the offering is based on          ordinary shares outstanding as of
, 2021 assuming (i) the issuance and sale of
ADSs in this offering based on an assumed initial public offering price of $     per ADS which reflects the
U.S. dollar equivalent of the closing price of our ordinary shares on AIM of £     on                     , 2021 (based on
an assumed exchange rate of £1.00 to $1.    ), (ii) after giving effect to the adoption of our amended and restated articles of associate prior to the closing of this offering, and (iii) further assuming that the
underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs.
For a description of the voting rights attached to
our ordinary shares, please see “
Description of Share Capital and Articles of Association—Voting Rights
.” Unless otherwise noted below, each shareholder’s address is Hashmonaim 121, 2nd Floor, Tel Aviv, 6713328, Israel.
A description of any material relationship that our principal shareholders have had with us or any of our affiliates
within the past three years is included under “
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
.”
Beneficial Ownership Before the
Offering
Beneficial Ownership After the
Offering
Ordinary Shares
Voting Power
Ordinary Shares
Voting Power
Name of Beneficial Owner
Number
%
Number
%
Principal Shareholders
Mithaq Capital
(1)
.
Toscafund Asset Management
(2)
Schroder Investment Management
(3)
.
News Corp
(4)
.
Directors and Executive Officers
Ofer Druker
Sagi Niri
Yaniv Carmi
Rebekah Brooks
Norm Johnston
105
Table of Contents
Beneficial Ownership Before the
Offering
Beneficial Ownership After the
Offering
Ordinary Shares
Voting Power
Ordinary Shares
Voting Power
Name of Beneficial Owner
Number
%
Number
%
Christopher Stibbs
Neil Jones
Joanna Parnell
Lisa Klinger
All executive officers and directors as a group (9 persons)
*
Indicates ownership of less than 1%.
(1)
Represents              ordinary shares held by
Mithaq Capital (“Mithaq”).
(2)
Represents              ordinary shares held by
Toscafund Asset Management LLP (“Toscafund”).
(3)
Represents              ordinary shares held by
Schroder Investment Management (“Schroder”).
(4)
Represents              ordinary shares held by
News Corp (“News Corp”).
106
Table of Contents
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Our policy is to enter into transactions with related parties on terms that, on the whole, are no more or less favorable than
those available from unaffiliated third parties. Based on our experience in the business sectors in which we operate and the terms of our transactions with unaffiliated third parties, we believe that all of the transactions described below met this
policy standard at the time they occurred
The following is a description of our related party transactions since
January 1, 2018.
Agreements with Directors and Officers
Employment Agreements
We have entered into written employment agreements with each of our executive officers. See “
Management—Employment
and Consulting Agreements with Executive Officers
.”
Equity Incentive Awards
Since our inception, we have granted to our executive officers and certain of our directors restricted share units and options
to purchase our ordinary shares. See “
Management—Equity Incentive Plans
.”
Exculpation, Indemnification and
Insurance
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering
permit us to exculpate, indemnify and insure certain of our office holders to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. We have entered into agreements with each of our directors and executive officers exculpating them in advance, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, from liability to us for damages caused to us as a result of a breach of duty of care, and undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by law. See “
Management—Exculpation, Insurance and
Indemnification of Office Holders
.”
Related Party Transaction Policy
Our board of directors intends to adopt a written related party transaction policy, to be effective upon the closing of this
offering, to set forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions. This policy will cover, with certain exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation
S-K
under the Securities Act, any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we were or are to be a participant, where the amount
involved exceeds $120,000 and a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, including, without limitation, purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has a
material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person.
107
Table of Contents
DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The following is a description of the material terms of our amended and restated articles of association to be
effective upon the closing of this offering. The following descriptions of share capital and provisions of our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering are summaries and are qualified by
reference to our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, a copy of which is filed with the SEC as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The description
of the ordinary shares reflects changes to our capital structure that will occur upon the closing of this offering.
Share Capital
Our authorized share capital upon the closing of this offering will consist of 500,000,000 ordinary shares, par
value NIS 0.01, of which            shares will be issued and outstanding.
Our board of directors may determine the issue prices and terms for such shares or other securities, and may further determine
any other provision relating to such issue of shares or securities. We may also issue and redeem redeemable securities on such terms and in such manner as our board of directors shall determine.
As of            , 2021, we
had            holders of record of our ordinary shares.
All of our outstanding ordinary shares are validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable.
Our ordinary shares are not redeemable.
Registration Number and Purposes of
the Company
We are registered with the Israeli Registrar of Companies. Our registration number is
51-3956060.
Our affairs are governed by our amended and restated articles of association, applicable Israeli law and the Companies Law. Our purpose as set forth in our amended and restated articles of association to
be effective upon the closing of this offering is to engage in any lawful act or activity.
Voting Rights
All ordinary shares will have identical voting and other rights in all respects.
Preemptive Rights
As is customary for companies whose shares are traded on AIM, our amended and restated articles of association to be effective
upon the closing of this offering provides that if our board of directors wishes to issue any additional ordinary shares or grant rights over ordinary shares (other than pursuant to an equity incentive plan and other specific events listed in the
articles), it must first offer them to existing shareholders in proportion to their holdings. However, the articles also provide, that the shareholders by special resolution, may exclude preemptive rights generally or in respect of a specified share
issuance.
On April 30, 2021, in connection with this offering, our shareholders approved the exclusion of preemptive
rights with respect to the issuance of up to 20,012,123 ordinary shares in this offering, representing approximately 15% of our issued and outstanding shares before this offering. The exclusion expires on July 31, 2022 or, if earlier, the conclusion
of our 2022 annual general meeting.
Transfer of Shares
Our fully paid ordinary shares are issued in registered form and may be freely transferred under our amended and restated
articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, unless the transfer is
108
Table of Contents
restricted or prohibited by another instrument, applicable law or the rules of                 . The ownership or
voting of our ordinary shares by
non-residents
of Israel is not restricted in any way by our amended and restated articles of association or the laws of the State of Israel, except for ownership by nationals
of some countries that are, or have been, in a state of war with Israel.
Election of Directors
Under our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, our board of
directors must consist of not less than four but no more than nine directors. Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, each of our directors will be appointed pursuant to a
method chosen by our board of directors, which may include the following methods: (i) election of competing slates of director nominees (determined in a manner approved by the board of directors) by a majority of the voting power represented at
the annual meeting in person or by proxy and voting on such competing slates; (ii) election of individual directors by a plurality of the voting power represented at the annual meeting in person or by proxy and voting on the election of
directors (which shall mean that the nominees receiving the largest number of “for” votes will be elected in the case of a contested election); (iii) election of each nominee by a majority of the voting power represented at the annual
meeting in person or by proxy and voting on the election of directors, provided that if the number of such nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, then as among such nominees the election shall be by plurality of the voting power as
described above, and (iv) such other method of voting as the board of directors deems appropriate, including use of a “universal proxy card” listing all nominees. In the event that our board of directors does not or is unable to make
a determination on such matter, then the method described in clause (ii) above shall apply. In addition, our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering provide that vacancies on our board of
directors may be filled by a vote of a simple majority of the directors then in office.
Dividend and Liquidation Rights
We may declare a dividend to be paid to the holders of our ordinary shares in proportion to their respective shareholdings.
Under the Companies Law, dividend distributions are determined by the board of directors and do not require the approval of the shareholders of a company unless the company’s articles of association provide otherwise. Our amended and restated
articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering do not require shareholder approval of a dividend distribution and provide that dividend distributions may be determined by our board of directors.
Pursuant to the Companies Law, the distribution amount is limited to the greater of retained earnings or earnings generated
over the previous two years, according to our then last reviewed or audited financial statements (less the amount of previously distributed dividends, if not reduced from the earnings), provided that the end of the period to which the financial
statements relate is not more than six months prior to the date of the distribution. If we do not meet such criteria, then we may distribute dividends only with court approval. In each case, we are only permitted to distribute a dividend if our
board of directors and, if applicable, the court determines that there is no reasonable concern that payment of the dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due.
In the event of our liquidation, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors, our assets will be distributed to the holders
of our ordinary shares in proportion to their shareholdings. This right, as well as the right to receive dividends, may be affected by the grant of preferential dividend or distribution rights to the holders of a class of shares with preferential
rights that may be authorized in the future.
Exchange Controls
There are currently no Israeli currency control restrictions on remittances of dividends on our ordinary shares, proceeds from
the sale of the ordinary shares or interest or other payments to
non-residents
of Israel, except for shareholders who are subjects of countries that are, have been, or will be, in a state of war with Israel.
109
Table of Contents
Registration Rights
Following this offering, none of our shareholders will be entitled to registration rights.
Shareholder Meetings
Under Israeli law, we are required to hold an annual general meeting of our shareholders once every calendar year and no later
than 15 months after the date of the previous annual general meeting. All meetings other than the annual general meeting of shareholders are referred to in our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this
offering as special general meetings. Our board of directors may call special general meetings of our shareholders whenever it sees fit, at such time and place, within or outside of Israel, as it may determine. In addition, the Companies Law
provides that our board of directors is required to convene a special general meeting of our shareholders upon the written request of (i) any two or more of our directors,
(ii) one-quarter
or more of
the serving members of our board of directors or (iii) one or more shareholders holding, in the aggregate, either (a) 5% or more of our outstanding issued shares and 1% or more of our outstanding voting power or (b) 5% or more of our
outstanding voting power.
Under Israeli law, one or more shareholders holding at least 1% of the voting rights at the
general meeting of shareholders may request that the board of directors include a matter in the agenda of a general meeting of shareholders to be convened in the future, provided that it is appropriate to discuss such a matter at the general
meeting. Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering contain procedural guidelines and disclosure items with respect to the submission of shareholder proposals for general meetings.
Subject to the provisions of the Companies Law and the regulations promulgated thereunder, shareholders entitled to
participate and vote at general meetings of shareholders are the shareholders of record on a date to be decided by the board of directors, which, as a company listed on an exchange outside Israel, may be between four and 40 days prior to the date of
the meeting. Furthermore, the Companies Law requires that resolutions regarding the following matters must be passed at a general meeting of shareholders:
•
amendments to our articles of association;
•
appointment, terms of service or and termination of service of our auditors;
•
appointment of directors, including external directors (if applicable);
•
approval of certain related party transactions;
•
increases or reductions of our authorized share capital;
•
a merger; and
•
the exercise of our board of directors’ powers by a general meeting, if our board of directors is unable
to exercise its powers and the exercise of any of its powers is required for our proper management.
The
Companies Law requires that a notice of any annual general meeting or special general meeting be provided to shareholders at least 21 days prior to the meeting and, if the agenda of the meeting includes (among other things) the appointment or
removal of directors, the approval of transactions with office holders or interested or related parties, or an approval of a merger, notice must be provided at least 35 days prior to the meeting. Under the Companies Law and our amended and restated
articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, shareholders are not permitted to take action by way of written consent in lieu of a meeting.
Quorum
Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, holders of our
ordinary shares have one vote for each ordinary share held on all matters submitted to a vote
110
Table of Contents
before the shareholders at a general meeting of shareholders. The quorum required for our general meetings of shareholders consists of at least two shareholders present in person, by proxy or
written ballot who hold or represent between them at least 25% of the total outstanding voting rights, within half an hour of the time fixed for the commencement of the general meeting. A general meeting adjourned for lack of a quorum shall be
adjourned either to the same day in the next week, at the same time and place, to such day and at such time and place as indicated in the notice to such meeting, or to such day and at such time and place as the chairperson of the meeting shall
determine. At the reconvened meeting, any number of shareholders present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum, unless a meeting was called pursuant to a request by our shareholders, in which case the quorum required is one or more
shareholders, present in person or by proxy and holding the number of shares required to call the meeting as described above.
Vote
Requirements
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering
provide that all resolutions of our shareholders require a simple majority vote, unless otherwise required by the Companies Law or by our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering. Under the
Companies Law, certain actions require the approval of a special majority, including: (i) an extraordinary transaction with a controlling shareholder or in which the controlling shareholder has a personal interest, (ii) the terms of
employment or other engagement of a controlling shareholder of the company or a controlling shareholder’s relative (even if such terms are not extraordinary) and (iii) certain compensation-related matters described above under
“
Management—Compensation Committee—Compensation Policy under the Companies Law
.” Under our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, the alteration of the rights,
privileges, preferences or obligations of any class of our shares (to the extent there are classes other than ordinary shares) requires the approval of a simple majority of the class so affected (or such other percentage of the relevant class that
may be set forth in the governing documents relevant to such class), in addition to a majority of all classes of shares voting together as a single class at a shareholder meeting.
Under our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, the approval of the
holders of at least 65% of the total voting power of our shareholders is generally required to remove any of our directors from office, to amend the provision requiring the approval of at least 65% of the total voting power of our shareholders to
remove any of our directors from office, or certain other provisions regarding the size of our board and plurality voting in contested elections. Another exception to the simple majority vote requirement is a resolution for the voluntary winding up,
or an approval of a scheme of arrangement or reorganization, of the company pursuant to Section 350 of the Companies Law, which requires the approval of a majority of the number of shareholders represented at the meeting and voting on the
resolution, who hold at least 75% of the voting rights represented at the meeting and voting on the resolution.
Access to Corporate
Records
Under the Companies Law, all shareholders generally have the right to review minutes of our general meetings,
our shareholder register (including with respect to material shareholders), our articles of association, our financial statements, other documents as provided in the Companies Law, and any document we are required by law to file publicly with the
Israeli Registrar of Companies or the Israeli Securities Authority. Any shareholder who specifies the purpose of its request may request to review any document in our possession that relates to any action or transaction with a related party which
requires shareholder approval under the Companies Law. We may deny a request to review a document if we determine that the request was not made in good faith, that the document contains a trade secret or a patent or that the document’s
disclosure may otherwise impair our interests.
111
Table of Contents
Acquisitions under Israeli Law
Full Tender Offer
A person wishing to acquire shares of a public Israeli company who would, as a result, hold over 90% of the target
company’s voting rights or the target company’s issued and outstanding share capital (or of a class thereof), is required by the Companies Law to make a tender offer to all of the company’s shareholders for the purchase of all of the
issued and outstanding shares of the company (or the applicable class). If (a) the shareholders who do not accept the offer hold less than 5% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the company (or the applicable class) and the
shareholders who accept the offer constitute a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal interest in the acceptance of the tender offer or (b) the shareholders who did not accept the tender offer hold less than 2% of the issued and
outstanding share capital of the company (or of the applicable class), all of the shares that the acquirer offered to purchase will be transferred to the acquirer by operation of law. A shareholder who had its shares so transferred may petition an
Israeli court within six months from the date of acceptance of the full tender offer, regardless of whether such shareholder agreed to the offer, to determine whether the tender offer was for less than fair value and whether the fair value should be
paid as determined by the court. However, an offeror may provide in the offer that a shareholder who accepted the offer will not be entitled to petition the court for appraisal rights as described in the preceding sentence, as long as the offeror
and the company disclosed the information required by law in connection with the full tender offer. If the full tender offer was not accepted in accordance with any of the above alternatives, the acquirer may not acquire shares of the company that
will increase its holdings to more than 90% of the company’s voting rights or the company’s issued and outstanding share capital (or of the applicable class) from shareholders who accepted the tender offer. Shares purchased in
contradiction to the full tender offer rules under the Companies Law will have no rights and will become dormant shares.
Special
Tender Offer
The Companies Law provides that an acquisition of shares of an Israeli public company must be made by
means of a special tender offer if as a result of the acquisition the purchaser would become a holder of 25% or more of the voting rights in the company. This requirement does not apply if there is already another holder of 25% or more of the voting
rights in the company. Similarly, the Companies Law provides that an acquisition of shares of an Israeli public company must be made by means of a special tender offer if as a result of the acquisition the purchaser would become a holder of more
than 45% of the voting rights in the company, if there is no other shareholder of the company who holds more than 45% of the voting rights in the company. These requirements do not apply if (i) the acquisition occurs in the context of a private
placement by the company that received shareholder approval as a private placement whose purpose is to give the purchaser 25% or more of the voting rights in the company, if there is no person who holds 25% or more of the voting rights in the
company or as a private placement whose purpose is to give the purchaser 45% of the voting rights in the company, if there is no person who holds 45% of the voting rights in the company, (ii) the acquisition was from a shareholder holding 25%
or more of the voting rights in the company and resulted in the purchaser becoming a holder of 25% or more of the voting rights in the company, or (iii) the acquisition was from a shareholder holding more than 45% of the voting rights in the
company and resulted in the purchaser becoming a holder of more than 45% of the voting rights in the company. A special tender offer must be extended to all shareholders of a company. A special tender offer may be consummated only if (i) at
least 5% of the voting power attached to the company’s outstanding shares will be acquired by the offeror and (ii) the number of shares tendered in the offer exceeds the number of shares whose holders objected to the offer (excluding the
purchaser, its controlling shareholders, holders of 25% or more of the voting rights in the company and any person having a personal interest in the acceptance of the tender offer, or anyone on their behalf, including any such person’s
relatives and entities under their control).
In the event that a special tender offer is made, a company’s board of
directors is required to express its opinion on the advisability of the offer, or shall abstain from expressing any opinion if it is unable to do so, provided that it gives the reasons for its abstention. The board of directors shall also disclose
any personal interest that any of the directors has with respect to the special tender offer or in connection therewith. An office
112
Table of Contents
holder in a target company who, in his or her capacity as an office holder, performs an action the purpose of which is to cause the failure of an existing or foreseeable special tender offer or
is to impair the chances of its acceptance, is liable to the potential purchaser and shareholders for damages, unless such office holder acted in good faith and had reasonable grounds to believe he or she was acting for the benefit of the company.
However, office holders of the target company may negotiate with the potential purchaser in order to improve the terms of the special tender offer, and may further negotiate with third-parties in order to obtain a competing offer.
If a special tender offer is accepted, then shareholders who did not respond to or that had objected the offer may accept the
offer within four days of the last day set for the acceptance of the offer and they will be considered to have accepted the offer from the first day it was made.
In the event that a special tender offer is accepted, then the purchaser or any person or entity controlling it or under
common control with the purchaser or such controlling person or entity at the time of the offer may not make a subsequent tender offer for the purchase of shares of the target company and may not enter into a merger with the target company for a
period of one year from the date of the offer, unless the purchaser or such person or entity undertook to effect such an offer or merger in the initial special tender offer. Shares purchased in contradiction to the special tender offer rules under
the Companies Law will have no rights and will become dormant shares.
Merger
The Companies Law permits merger transactions if approved by each party’s board of directors and, unless certain
conditions described under the Companies Law are met, a simple majority of the outstanding shares of each party to the merger that are represented and voting on the merger. The board of directors of a merging company is required pursuant to the
Companies Law to discuss and determine whether in its opinion there exists a reasonable concern that as a result of a proposed merger, the surviving company will not be able to satisfy its obligations towards its creditors, such determination taking
into account the financial status of the merging companies. If the board of directors determines that such a concern exists, it may not approve a proposed merger. Following the approval of the board of directors of each of the merging companies, the
boards of directors must jointly prepare a merger proposal for submission to the Israeli Registrar of Companies.
For
purposes of the shareholder vote of a merging company whose shares are held by the other merging company, or by a person or entity holding 25% or more of the voting rights at the general meeting of shareholders of the other merging company, or by a
person or entity holding the right to appoint 25% or more of the directors of the other merging company, unless a court rules otherwise, the merger will not be deemed approved if a majority of the shares voted on the matter at the general meeting of
shareholders (excluding abstentions) that are held by shareholders other than the other party to the merger, or by any person or entity who holds 25% or more of the voting rights of the other party or the right to appoint 25% or more of the
directors of the other party, or any one on their behalf including their relatives or corporations controlled by any of them, vote against the merger. In addition, if the
non-surviving
entity of the merger has
more than one class of shares, the merger must be approved by each class of shareholders. If the transaction would have been approved but for the separate approval of each class or the exclusion of the votes of certain shareholders as provided
above, a court may still approve the merger upon the request of holders of at least 25% of the voting rights of a company, if the court holds that the merger is fair and reasonable, taking into account the valuation of the merging companies and the
consideration offered to the shareholders. If a merger is with a company’s controlling shareholder or if the controlling shareholder has a personal interest in the merger, then the merger is instead subject to the same special majority approval
that governs all extraordinary transactions with controlling shareholders.
Under the Companies Law, each merging company
must deliver to its secured creditors the merger proposal and inform its unsecured creditors of the merger proposal and its content. Upon the request of a creditor of either party to the proposed merger, the court may delay or prevent the merger if
it concludes that there exists a
113
Table of Contents
reasonable concern that, as a result of the merger, the surviving company will be unable to satisfy the obligations of the merging company, and may further give instructions to secure the rights
of creditors.
In addition, a merger may not be completed unless at least 50 days have passed from the date that a
proposal for approval of the merger is filed with the Israeli Registrar of Companies and 30 days from the date that shareholder approval of both merging companies is obtained.
Anti-Takeover Measures
The Companies Law allows us to create and issue shares having rights different from those attached to our ordinary shares,
including shares providing certain preferred rights with respect to voting, distributions or other matters. As of the closing of this offering, no preferred shares will be authorized under our amended and restated articles of association to be
effective upon the closing of this offering. In the future, if we do authorize, create and issue a specific class of preferred shares, such class of shares, depending on the specific rights that may be attached to it, may have the ability to
frustrate or prevent a takeover or otherwise prevent our shareholders from realizing a potential premium over the market value of their ordinary shares. The authorization and designation of a class of preferred shares will require an amendment to
our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, which requires the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the voting power attached to our issued and outstanding shares at a general meeting
of our shareholders. The convening of the meeting, the shareholders entitled to participate and the vote required to be obtained at such a meeting will be subject to the requirements set forth in the Companies Law and our amended articles of
association to be effective upon the closing of this offering, as described above in
“—Shareholder Meetings
.”
Borrowing Powers
Pursuant to the Companies Law and our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this
offering, our board of directors may exercise all powers and take all actions that are not required under law or under our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering to be exercised or taken by our
shareholders, including the power to borrow money for company purposes.
Changes in Capital
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering enable us to increase or
reduce our share capital. Any such changes are subject to Israeli law and must be approved by a resolution duly passed by our shareholders at a general meeting of shareholders. In addition, transactions that have the effect of reducing capital, such
as the declaration and payment of dividends in the absence of sufficient retained earnings or profits, require the approval of both our board of directors and an Israeli court.
Exclusive Forum
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering provide that unless we
consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions, and accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. While the federal
forum provision in our amended and restated articles of association does not restrict the ability of our shareholders to bring claims under the Securities Act, we recognize that it may limit shareholders’ ability to bring a claim in the
judicial forum that they find favorable and may increase certain litigation costs, which may discourage the filing of claims under the Securities Act against the Company, its directors and officers. However, the enforceability of similar forum
provisions (including exclusive federal forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
114
Table of Contents
Act) in other companies’ organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in our
amended and restated articles of association. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering to be inapplicable or unenforceable
in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We note that investors cannot waive
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers.
Transfer Agent and Registrar
The transfer agent and registrar for our ordinary shares is
. Its address is                 , and its telephone number is
.
Listing
We intend to apply to have our ADSs listed on
under the symbol “TRMR.” Our ordinary shares trade on AIM, a market of the London Stock Exchange, under the symbol “TRMR.”
115
Table of Contents
DESCRIPTION OF AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES
116
Table of Contents
SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market in the United States for our ordinary shares or ADSs. Future sales of
substantial amounts of our ADSs in the public market could adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time. Furthermore, because only a limited number of ADSs will be available for sale shortly after this offering due to existing
contractual and legal restrictions on resale as described below, there may be sales of substantial amounts of our ADSs in the public market after such restrictions lapse. This may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our ADSs and our
ability to raise equity capital in the future.
Following this offering, we will have an aggregate of
ADSs outstanding (or approximately                  ADSs if the
underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ADSs from us in full). Our ADSs will be available for sale in the public market after the expiration or waiver of the
lock-up
agreements described
below, subject to limitations imposed by U.S. securities laws on resale by our “affiliates” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
We expect that all of our ADSs being sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration
under the Securities Act, unless purchased by “affiliates” as that term is defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act described below. In addition, following this offering and the expiration or waiver of the
lock-up
agreements described below, ADSs issuable pursuant to awards granted under certain of our equity incentive plans will eventually be freely tradable in the public market.
The remaining ADSs that are not being sold in this offering, but which will be outstanding at the time this offering
is complete, will be “restricted securities” as that phrase is defined in Rule 144. These ADSs will be eligible for sale into the public market under the provisions of Rule 144 commencing after the expiration of the restrictions under the
lock-up
agreements, subject in certain cases to volume restrictions discussed below under “—
Rule 144
.”
Lock Up Agreements
We, our executive officers and directors, and the holders of substantially all of our outstanding ordinary shares, have agreed
not to offer, sell, agree to sell, directly or indirectly, or otherwise dispose of any ordinary shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for ordinary shares except for the ADSs offered in this offering without the prior written
consent of RBC Capital Markets, LLC for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus.
Rule 144
In general, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who has beneficially owned our ordinary shares or ADSs that are
restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act for at least six months would be entitled to sell such securities, provided that (1) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at
any time during the 90 days preceding, a sale and (2) we are subject to, and in compliance with certain of, the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least 90 days before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned our ordinary
shares or ADSs that are restricted securities for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the 90 days preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to
sell within any three month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following:
•
1% of the number of our ordinary shares then outstanding, in the form of ADSs or otherwise, which will equal
approximately                ordinary shares immediately after closing of this offering based on the number of ordinary shares outstanding as
of                 , 2021; or
•
the average weekly trading volume of our ADSs on during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a
notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale;
117
Table of Contents
provided, in each case, that we are subject to, and in compliance with certain of, the
Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least 90 days before the sale. Such sales both by affiliates and by
non-affiliates
must also comply with the manner of sale, current public information and
notice provisions of Rule 144 to the extent applicable.
Options and RSUs
Following the closing of this offering, we intend to file a registration statement on Form
S-8
under the Securities Act to register ordinary shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans. The registration statement on Form
S-8
will become
effective automatically upon filing. Ordinary shares issued upon exercise of a share option and vesting of restricted share units and registered under the Form
S-8
registration statement will, subject to
vesting provisions, and Rule 144 volume limitations applicable to our affiliates, be available for sale in the open market immediately after the
180-day
lock up agreements expire. See
“
Management—Equity Incentive Plans
.”
118
Table of Contents
TAXATION
The following description is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the
acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ADSs. You should consult your own tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences that may arise under the laws of any state, local, foreign or
other taxing jurisdiction.
Israeli Tax Considerations
The following is a brief summary of the material Israeli tax laws applicable to us. This section also contains a discussion of
material Israeli tax consequences concerning the ownership and disposition of our ADSs purchased by investors in this offering. This summary does not discuss all the aspects of Israeli tax law that may be relevant to a particular investor in light
of his or her personal investment circumstances or to some types of investors subject to special treatment under Israeli law. Examples of such investors include residents of Israel or traders in securities who are subject to special tax regimes not
covered in this discussion. To the extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not yet been subject to judicial or administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that the appropriate tax authorities or the courts will
accept the views expressed in this discussion. The discussion below is subject to change, including due to amendments under Israeli law or changes to the applicable judicial or administrative interpretations of Israeli law, which change could affect
the tax consequences described below. The discussion should not be construed as legal or professional tax advice and does not cover all possible tax considerations.
General Corporate Tax Structure in Israel
Israeli companies are generally subject to corporate tax. The current corporate tax rate is 23%. Capital gains derived by an
Israeli company are generally subject to the prevailing corporate tax rate.
Tax Benefits and Grants for Research and Development
Israeli tax law allows, under certain conditions, a tax deduction for expenditures, including capital expenditures,
related to scientific research and development for the year in which they are incurred. Expenditures are deemed related to scientific research and development projects, if:
•
the expenditures are approved by the relevant Israeli government ministry, determined by the field of
research;
•
the research and development must be for the promotion of the company; and
•
the research and development are carried out by or on behalf of the company seeking such tax deduction.
The amount of such deductible expenses is reduced by the sum of any funds received through government
grants for the finance of such scientific research and development projects. Under these research and development deduction rules, no deduction is allowed for any expense invested in an asset depreciable under the general depreciation rules of the
Israeli Income Tax Ordinance (New Version), 5721-1961. Expenditures that do not qualify for this special deduction are deductible in equal amounts over three years.
From time to time we may apply to the Israel Innovation Authority for approval to allow a tax deduction for all research and
development expenses during the year incurred. There can be no assurance that such request will be granted.
Digital Services Tax
The company constantly examines the potential applicability of the digital services tax legislation on its activities
in the various jurisdictions. In addition, the company studies the OECD Pillar I and Pillar II publications and their effect on the company.
119
Table of Contents
Taxation of
Non-Israeli
Resident
Shareholders
Capital Gains Taxes
Israeli capital gains tax is imposed on the disposition of capital assets by a
non-Israeli
resident if those assets (i) are located in Israel, (ii) are shares or a right to shares in an Israeli resident corporation or (iii) represent, directly or indirectly, rights to
assets located in Israel, unless a tax treaty between Israel and the seller’s country of residence provides otherwise. The Israeli tax law distinguishes between “Real Capital Gain” and “Inflationary Surplus.” Inflationary
Surplus is a portion of the total capital gain which is equivalent to the increase in the relevant asset’s price that is attributable to the increase in the Israeli Consumer Price Index or, in certain circumstances, a foreign currency exchange
rate, between the date of purchase and the date of disposition. Inflationary Surplus is currently not subject to tax in Israel. Real Capital Gain is the excess of the total capital gain over the Inflationary Surplus. Generally, Real Capital Gain
accrued by individuals on the sale of our ADSs will be taxed at the rate of 25%. However, if the shareholder is a “substantial shareholder” at the time of sale or at any time during the preceding
12-
month period, such gain will be taxed at the rate of 30%. A “substantial shareholder” is generally a person who alone or together with such person’s relative or another person who collaborates with such person on a permanent basis,
holds, directly or indirectly, at least 10% of any of the “means of control” of the corporation. “Means of control” generally include the right to vote, receive profits, nominate a director or an executive officer, receive assets
upon liquidation, or order someone who holds any of the aforesaid rights how to act, regardless of the source of such right. Real Capital Gain derived by corporations will be generally subject to a corporate tax rate of 23% (in 2021).
A
non-Israeli
resident who derives capital gains from the sale of shares of an Israeli
resident company that were purchased after the company was listed for trading on a stock exchange outside of Israel will be exempt from Israeli capital gains tax so long as the shares were not held through a permanent establishment that the
non-Israeli
resident maintains in Israel. However,
non-Israeli
corporations will not be entitled to the foregoing exemption if Israeli residents (i) have a controlling
interest of more than 25% in any of the means of control of such
non-Israeli
corporation or (ii) are the beneficiaries of, or are entitled to, 25% or more of the revenues or profits of such
non-Israeli
corporation, whether directly or indirectly.
In addition, such exemption is
not applicable to a person whose gains from selling or disposing the shares are deemed to be business income.
Additionally, a sale of securities by a
non-Israeli
resident may be exempt from
Israeli capital gains tax under the provisions of an applicable tax treaty. For example, under the tax treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the State of Israel with respect to Taxes on Income, as
amended (the “United States-Israel Tax Treaty”), the sale, exchange or other disposition of shares by a shareholder who is a United States resident (for purposes of the treaty) holding the shares as a capital asset and is entitled to claim
the benefits afforded to such a resident by the United States-Israel Tax Treaty (a “Treaty U.S. Resident”) is generally exempt from Israeli capital gains tax unless: (i) the capital gain arising from such sale, exchange or disposition
is attributed to real estate located in Israel; (ii) the capital gain arising from such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to royalties; (iii) the capital gain arising from the such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to a
permanent establishment in Israel, under certain terms; (iv) such Treaty U.S. Resident holds, directly or indirectly, shares representing 10% or more of the voting capital during any part of the
12-month
period preceding the disposition, subject to certain conditions; or (v) such Treaty U.S. Resident is an individual and was present in Israel for 183 days or more during the relevant taxable year. In any such case, the sale, exchange or
disposition of such shares would be subject to Israeli tax, to the extent applicable. However, under the United States-Israel Tax Treaty, a Treaty U.S. Resident may be permitted to claim a credit for the Israeli tax against the U.S. federal income
tax imposed with respect to the sale, exchange or disposition of the shares, subject to the limitations under U.S. laws applicable to foreign tax credits. The United States-Israel Tax Treaty does not provide such credit against any U.S. state or
local taxes.
Regardless of whether
non-Israeli
shareholders may be liable for
Israeli capital gains tax on the sale of our ADSs, the payment of the consideration for such sale may be subject to withholding of Israeli tax at source and
120
Table of Contents
holders of our ADSs may be required to demonstrate that they are exempt from tax on their capital gains in order to avoid withholding at source at the time of sale. Specifically, the Israel Tax
Authority may require shareholders who are not liable for Israeli capital gains tax on such a sale to sign declarations in forms specified by the Israel Tax Authority, provide documents (including, for example, a certificate of residency) or obtain
a specific exemption from the Israel Tax Authority to confirm their status as
non-Israeli
residents (and, in the absence of such declarations or exemptions, the Israel Tax Authority may require the purchaser
of the shares to withhold tax at source).
Taxation on Receipt of Dividends
.
Non-Israeli
residents (whether individuals or corporations) are generally subject to Israeli income tax on the receipt of dividends paid on our ADSs at the rate of 25%, which tax will be withheld at source, unless
relief is provided in an applicable tax treaty between Israel and the shareholder’s country of residence. However, if the shareholder who is a “substantial shareholder” at the time of receiving the dividend or at any time during the
preceding
12-month
period, the applicable tax rate will be 30%. Such dividends are generally subject to Israeli withholding tax at a rate of 25% so long as the shares are registered with a nominee company
(whether the recipient is a substantial shareholder or not). Currently, we have a tax ruling from the Israeli Tax Authorities in place and effective until December 31, 2021, with respect to tax withheld from dividends paid on our ordinary
shares traded on the AIM. Such tax ruling provides that foreign shareholders which are residents of a reciprocating state and are the beneficial owners of the dividend may approach the trustee (holding the tax withheld by us from such dividends
until such tax is paid to the Israeli Tax Authorities) and request a reduction of the tax withheld according to the beneficial provisions of an income tax treaty between their country of residence and Israel, provided that certain required documents
are provided to the trustee and that the application to the trustee is made by the 16
th
day of following month. We may apply for such a ruling with respect to our ADSs as well.
However, a reduced tax rate may be provided under an applicable tax treaty. For example, under the United States-Israel Tax
Treaty, the maximum rate of tax withheld at source in Israel on dividends paid to a holder of our ADSs who is a Treaty U.S. Resident is 25%. However, generally, the maximum rate of withholding tax on dividends that are paid to a United States
corporation holding 10% or more of the outstanding voting capital throughout the tax year in which the dividend is distributed as well as during the previous tax year, is 12.5%, provided that not more than 25% of the gross income for such preceding
year consists of certain types of dividends and interest.
Surtax.
Subject to the provisions of an
applicable tax treaty, individuals who are subject to income tax in Israel (whether any such individual is an Israeli resident or
non-Israeli
resident) are also subject to an additional tax at a rate of 3% on
annual income (including, but not limited to, income derived from dividends, interest and capital gains) exceeding NIS 651,600 for 2020, which amount is linked to the annual change in the Israeli consumer price index.
Estate and Gift Tax.
Israeli law presently does not impose estate or gift taxes.
Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes), 1969
The Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxes), 1969, generally referred to as the Industry Encouragement Law, provides
several tax benefits for “Industry Companies.” We currently qualify as an Industrial Company within the meaning of the Industry Encouragement Law. The Industry Encouragement Law defines an “Industrial Company” as a company
resident in Israel, of which 90% or more of its income in any tax year, other than income from defense loans, is derived from an “Industrial Enterprise” owned by it and located in Israel. An “Industrial Enterprise” is defined as
an enterprise whose principal activity in a given tax year is industrial production. The following corporate tax benefits, among others, are available to Industrial Companies:
•
Amortization over an eight-year period of the cost of purchased
know-how
and patents and rights to use a patent and
know-how
which are used for the development or advancement of the company;
121
Table of Contents
•
Under limited conditions, an election to file consolidated tax returns with related Israeli Industrial
Companies; and
•
Expenses related to a public offering are deductible in equal amounts over a three-year period.
Eligibility for benefits under the Industry Encouragement Law is not contingent upon the approval of
any governmental authority. The Israeli tax authorities may determine that we do not qualify as an Industrial Company, which could entail our loss of the benefits that relate to this status. There can be no assurance that we will continue to qualify
as an Industrial Company or that the benefits described above will be available in the future.
Law for the Encouragement of Capital
Investments, 1959
The Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments (the “Investments Law”) provides
tax benefits for Israeli companies meeting certain requirements and criteria. The Investment Law has undergone certain amendments and reforms in recent years.
The Israeli parliament enacted a reform to the Investment Law, effective as of January 2011. According to the reform, a flat
rate tax applies to companies eligible for the “Preferred Enterprise” status. In order to be eligible for Preferred Enterprise status, a company must meet minimum requirements to establish that it contributes to the country’s economic
growth and is a competitive factor for the gross domestic product.
On December 22, 2016 an Amendment to the
Investments Law has been enacted and added new tax benefit tracks for a “preferred technological enterprise” and a “special preferred technological enterprise” that awards reduced tax rates to a technological industrial
enterprise for the purpose of encouraging activity relating to the development of qualifying intangible assets.
Preferred
technological income that meets the conditions required by law, will be subject to a reduced corporate tax rate of 12%, and if the preferred technological enterprise is located in Development Area A to a tax rate of 7.5%. The Amendment is effective
as of January 1, 2017.
The Amendment also provides that no tax will apply to a dividend distributed out of preferred
income of preferred technological enterprise to a shareholder that is an Israeli resident company. In addition, a tax rate of 20% shall apply to a dividend distributed out of preferred income preferred technological enterprise to an individual
shareholder or foreign resident, subject to double taxation prevention treaties.
Currently, and effective until
December 31, 2021, the company has a tax ruling which was obtained from the Israeli Tax Authorities and determines that the company owns an industrial enterprise and Preferred Technological Enterprise as defined in the Investments Law. The
company is expected to apply to the Israeli Tax Authorities for an extension of the approval.
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consideration
The following summary describes certain United States federal income tax considerations generally applicable to United
States Holders (as defined below) of our ADSs. This summary deals only with our ADSs held as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Internal Revenue Code”). This
summary also does not address the tax consequences that may be relevant to holders in special tax situations including, without limitation, dealers in securities, traders that elect to use a
mark-to-market
method of accounting, holders that own our ADSs as part of a “straddle,” “hedge,” “conversion transaction,” or other integrated investment, banks or other
financial institutions, individual retirement accounts and other
tax-deferred
accounts, insurance companies,
tax-exempt
organizations, United States expatriates, holders
whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, holders that acquired our ADSs in a compensatory
122
Table of Contents
transaction, holders that are real estate investment trusts or regulated investment companies, grantor trusts, holders subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross
income with respect to our ADSs being taken into account in an applicable financial statement, holders which are entities or arrangements treated as partnerships,
S-corporations
or other pass-through entities
for United States federal income tax purposes, holders who acquired ADSs pursuant to the exercise of any employee share option or otherwise as compensation or holders that actually or constructively through attribution own 10% or more of the total
voting power or value of our outstanding ADSs.
This summary is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, applicable United
States Treasury regulations, administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions, in each case as in effect on the date hereof, all of which are subject to change (possibly with retroactive effect). No ruling will be requested from the Internal
Revenue Service, or IRS, regarding the tax consequences described herein, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with the discussion set out below. This summary does not address any United States federal tax consequences other than
United States federal income tax consequences (such as the alternative minimum tax, estate and gift tax or the Medicare tax on net investment income).
As used herein, the term “United States Holder” means a beneficial owner of our ADSs that is, for United States
federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or
therein or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust (a) that is subject to the supervision of a court within the United
States and the control of one or more “United States persons” as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 7701(a)(30), or (b) that has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated
as a “United States person.”
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal
income tax purposes acquires our ADSs, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partners of a partnership considering an investment in our ADSs
should consult their tax advisors regarding the United States federal income tax consequences of acquiring, owning, and disposing of our ADSs.
The discussion below assumes that the representations contained in the deposit agreement are true and that the obligations in
the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be complied with in accordance with their terms. Generally, a holder of an ADS should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as holding the ordinary shares represented by the ADS.
Accordingly, no gain or loss will generally be recognized upon an exchange of ADSs for ordinary shares.
THE SUMMARY OF
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF OUR ADSS, INCLUDING THE
APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL AND
NON-U.S.
TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW.
Dividends
Subject to the discussion below under “—
Passive Foreign Investment Company
,” the amount of dividends paid
to a United States Holder with respect to our ADSs before reduction for any Israeli taxes withheld therefrom generally will be included in the United States Holder’s gross income as dividend income from foreign sources to the extent paid out of
our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for United States federal income tax purposes). Distributions in excess of earnings and profits will be treated as a
non-taxable
return of capital
to the extent of the United States Holder’s adjusted tax basis in those ADSs and thereafter as capital gain. However, we do not intend to calculate our earnings and profits under United States federal income tax
123
Table of Contents
principles. Therefore, United States Holders should expect that a distribution will generally be treated as a dividend even if that distribution would otherwise be treated as a
non-taxable
return of capital or as capital gain under the rules described above. The dividends will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction available to corporations in respect of dividends received
from other United States corporations. The amount of any distribution paid in foreign currency will be equal to the U.S. dollar value of such currency, translated at the spot rate of exchange on the date such distribution is included in the United
States Holder’s income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars at that time.
Dividends paid on our ADSs generally will constitute “foreign source income” for purposes of the foreign tax credit.
Foreign withholding tax (if any) paid on dividends on our ADSs at the rate applicable to a United States Holder (taking into account any applicable income tax treaty) may, subject to limitations and conditions, be treated as foreign income tax
eligible for credit against such holder’s United States federal income tax liability or, at such holder’s election, eligible for deduction in computing such holder’s United States federal taxable income. If a refund of the tax
withheld is available under the laws of the state of Israel or under the applicable income tax treaty, the amount of tax withheld that is refundable will not be eligible for such credit against a United States Holder’s U.S. federal income tax
liability (and will not be eligible for the deduction against U.S. federal taxable income). If the dividends are taxed as “qualified dividend income,” as discussed below, the amount of the dividend taken into account for purposes of
calculating the foreign tax credit limitation will generally be limited to the gross amount of the dividend, multiplied by the reduced rate applicable to the qualified dividend income, divided by the highest rate of tax normally applicable to
dividends. The limitation on foreign taxes eligible for credit is calculated separately with respect to specific classes of income. For this purpose, any dividends distributed by us with respect to ADSs will generally constitute “passive
category income.”
The rules governing the treatment of foreign taxes imposed on a United States Holder and foreign
tax credits are complex, and United States Holders should consult their tax advisors about the impact of these rules in their particular situations.
Dividends received by certain
non-corporate
United States Holders (including
individuals) may be “qualified dividend income,” which is taxed at the lower capital gain rate, provided that (i) either our ADSs are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States or we are eligible for
benefits under a comprehensive United States income tax treaty that includes an exchange of information program and which the United States Treasury Department has determined is satisfactory for these purposes, (ii) we are neither a PFIC (as
discussed below) nor treated as such with respect to the United States Holder for either the taxable year in which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year, (iii) the United States Holder satisfies certain holding period and other
requirements and (iv) the United States Holder is not under an obligation to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. In this regard, shares generally are considered to be readily tradable on
an established securities market in the United States if they are listed on the         , as our ADSs are expected to be. United States Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of
the reduced tax rate on dividends paid with respect to our ADSs.
Disposition of ADSs
Subject to the discussion below under “—
Passive Foreign Investment Company
,” a United States Holder
generally will recognize capital gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes on the sale or other taxable disposition of our ADSs equal to the difference, if any, between the amount realized and the United States Holder’s
adjusted tax basis in those ADSs. A United States Holder’s initial tax basis in shares generally will equal the cost of such shares. If any foreign tax is imposed on the sale, exchange or other disposition of our ADSs, a United States
Holder’s amount realized will include the gross amount of the proceeds of the deposits before deduction of the tax. In general, capital gains recognized by a
non-corporate
United States Holder, including
an individual, are treated as long term capital gain and thus subject to a lower rate under current law if such United States Holder’s holding period in our ADSs exceeds one year. The deductibility of capital losses is
124
Table of Contents
subject to limitations. Any such gain or loss generally will be treated as United States source income or loss for purposes of the foreign tax credit. Because gain for the sale or other taxable
disposition of our ADSs will be treated as United States source income, and you may use foreign tax credits against only the portion of United States federal income tax liability that is attributed to foreign source income in the same category, your
ability to utilize a foreign tax credit with respect to any foreign tax imposed on any such sale or other taxable disposition, if any, may be significantly limited. In addition, if you are eligible for the benefit of the income tax convention
between the United States and the State of Israel and pay Israeli tax in excess of the amount applicable to you under such convention or if the Israeli tax paid is refundable, you will not be able to claim any foreign tax credit or deduction with
respect to such Israeli tax. You should consult your tax advisor as to whether the Israeli tax on gains may be creditable or deductible in light of your particular circumstances and your ability to apply the provisions of an applicable treaty.
If the consideration received upon the sale or other taxable disposition of our ADSs is paid in foreign currency, the amount
realized will be the U.S. dollar value of the payment received, translated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of taxable disposition. If our ADSs are treated as traded on an established securities market, a cash basis United States Holder and
an accrual basis United States Holder who has made a special election (which must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS) will determine the U.S. dollar value of the amount realized in foreign
currency by translating the amount received at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the taxable disposition. An accrual basis United States Holder that does not make the special election will recognize exchange gain or loss to the
extent attributable to the difference between the exchange rates on the date of the taxable disposition and the settlement date, and such exchange gain or loss generally will constitute ordinary income or loss.
Passive Foreign Investment Company
We would be a PFIC for any taxable year if, after the application of certain look-through rules, either: (i) 75% or more of our
gross income for such year is “passive income” (as defined in the relevant provisions of the Internal Revenue Code), or (ii) 50% or more of the value of our assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is
attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. Passive income generally includes, among other things, rents, dividends, interest, royalties, gains from the disposition of passive assets and gains from
commodities and securities transactions. For purposes of this test, we will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate share of the income of any other corporation of which we own, directly or indirectly,
25% or more (by value) of the stock.
Based on the current and anticipated composition of our income, assets and
operations, and the expected price of the ADSs in this offering, we do not expect to be treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year or in the foreseeable future. However, whether we are a PFIC is a factual determination that must be made annually
after the close of each taxable year. This determination will depend on, among other things, the composition of the Company’s income and assets, as well as the market value of our ADSs and assets, which may fluctuate significantly. In addition,
it is possible that the IRS may take a contrary position with respect to our determination in any particular year. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will not be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year or any future taxable year.
Certain adverse United States federal income tax consequences could apply to a United States Holder if we are treated as
a PFIC for any taxable year during which such United States Holder holds our ADSs. Under the PFIC rules, if we were considered a PFIC at any time that a United States Holder holds our ADSs, we would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to
such holder’s investment unless (i) we cease to be a PFIC, and (ii) the United States Holder has made a “deemed sale” election under the PFIC rules. If such election is made, a United States Holder will be deemed to have
sold our ADSs at their fair market value on the last day of the last taxable year in which we were a PFIC, and any gain from the deemed sale would be subject to the rules described in the following paragraph. After the deemed sale election, so long
as we do not become a PFIC in a subsequent taxable year, the ADSs with respect to which such election was made will not be treated as shares in a PFIC.
125
Table of Contents
United States Holders should consult their tax advisors as to the possibility and consequences of making a deemed sale election if we are (or were to become) and then cease to be a PFIC, and such
election becomes available.
If we are a PFIC for any taxable year that a United States Holder holds our ADSs, unless the
United States Holder makes one of the elections described below, any gain recognized by the United States Holder on a sale or other disposition of our ADSs would be allocated
pro-rata
over the United States
Holder’s holding period for the ADSs. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of the sale or other disposition and to any year before we became a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income. The amount allocated to each other taxable year would be
subject to tax at the highest rate in effect for individuals or the highest rate in effect for corporations, as appropriate, for that taxable year, and an interest charge would be imposed. Further, to the extent that any distribution received by a
United States Holder on our ADSs exceeds 125% of the average of the annual distributions on the ADSs received during the preceding three years or the United States Holder’s holding period, whichever is shorter, that distribution would be
subject to taxation in the same manner as gain on the sale or other disposition of our ADSs if we were a PFIC, described above. If we are treated as a PFIC with respect to a United States Holder for any taxable year, the United States Holder will be
deemed to own shares in any of the foreign entities in which we may hold equity interests that also are PFICs, or lower-tier PFICs.
Certain elections may be available that would result in alternative treatments (such as
mark-to-market
treatment or treatment as a qualified electing fund (“QEF”)) of our ADSs if we are considered a PFIC. However, we do not expect to furnish United States Holders of our ADSs with the
tax information necessary to enable a United States Holder to make a QEF election. In addition, an election for
mark-to-market
treatment is unlikely to be available to
mitigate any adverse tax consequences with respect to a subsidiary that is also a PFIC. If we are considered a PFIC, a United States Holder will also be subject to annual information reporting requirements. United States Holders should consult their
tax advisors about the potential application of the PFIC rules to an investment in our ADSs and the potential consequences related thereto.
United States Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding whether we are a PFIC as well as the potential U.S.
federal income tax consequences of holding and disposing of our ADSs if we are or become classified as a PFIC, including the possibility of making a
mark-to-market
election in their particular circumstances.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Distributions on our ADSs and proceeds from the sale or other taxable disposition of our ADSs may be subject to information
reporting to the IRS and possible backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a United States Holder who furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that it is not subject to backup withholding or that is
otherwise exempt from backup withholding. United States Holders that are required to establish their exempt status generally must provide such certification on IRS Form
W-9.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, any amount withheld under the backup withholding rules will be refundable
or creditable against the United States Holder’s United States federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. United States Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of
the United States information reporting and backup withholding rules.
Foreign Financial Asset Reporting
Certain United States Holders are required to report their holdings of certain foreign financial assets, including our ADSs, if
the aggregate value of all of these assets exceeds certain threshold amounts, subject to certain exceptions (including an exception for ADSs held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions). Penalties can apply if United States Holders
fail to satisfy such reporting requirements. United States Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these reporting requirements on the ownership and disposition of our ADSs.
126
Table of Contents
UNDERWRITING
We and the underwriters named below have entered into an underwriting agreement with respect to the ADSs being offered.
Subject to certain conditions, each underwriter has severally agreed to purchase the number of ADSs indicated in the following table. RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated are the representatives of the
underwriters.
Number of ADSs
RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated
Total
The underwriters are committed to take and pay for all of the ADSs being offered, if any are
taken, other than the ADSs covered by the option described below unless and until this option is exercised.
The
underwriters have an option to purchase up to an additional                ADSs from us to cover sales by the underwriters of a greater number of ADSs than the total
number set forth in the table above. They may exercise that option for 30 days. If any ADSs are purchased pursuant to this option, the underwriters will severally purchase ADSs in approximately the same proportion as set forth in the table above.
The following table shows the per ADS and total underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid to the underwriters by
us. Such amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase                additional ADSs.
No Exercise
Full Exercise
Per ADS
$
$
Total
$
$
We estimate that our portion of the total expenses of the offering, excluding underwriting
discounts and commissions, will be approximately $                , all of which will be paid by us. We have also agreed to reimburse the underwriters for up to
$     for certain of their expenses incurred in connection with this offering.
ADSs sold by the
underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. Any ADSs sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up to
$                per ADS from the initial public offering price. After the initial offering of the ADSs, the representatives may change the offering price and the other
selling terms. The offering of the ADSs by the underwriters is subject to receipt and acceptance and subject to the underwriters’ right to reject any order in whole or in part.
We and our officers, directors, and holders of substantially all of our ordinary shares have agreed with the underwriters,
subject to certain exceptions, not to, directly or indirectly, offer, sell contract to sell, pledge, grant any option to purchase, lend or otherwise dispose of or hedge any of our ordinary shares, or any options or warrants to purchase any ordinary
shares of the Company, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for ordinary shares during the period from the date of this prospectus continuing through the date that is 180 days after the date of this prospectus, except with the prior
written consent of the representatives. See “
Shares Eligible for Future Sale
” for a discussion of certain transfer restrictions.
Prior to the offering, there has been no public market in the United States for the ordinary shares or ADSs. The initial
public offering price has been negotiated among us and the representatives. Among the factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price of the ADSs, in addition to prevailing market conditions, will be the our historical
performance, the trading price of our ordinary shares on AIM, estimates of our business potential and earnings prospects, an assessment of our management and the consideration of the above factors in relation to market valuation of companies in
related businesses.
127
Table of Contents
We intend to apply to have our ADSs listed on
under the symbol “TRMR.” Our ordinary shares trade on AIM, a market of the London Stock Exchange, under the symbol
“TRMR.”
In connection with the offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell ADSs in the open market. These
transactions may include short sales, stabilizing transactions and purchases to cover positions created by short sales. Short sales involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number of ADSs than they are required to purchase in the offering,
and a short position represents the amount of such sales that have not been covered by subsequent purchases. A “covered short position” is a short position that is not greater than the amount of additional ADSs for which the
underwriters’ option described above may be exercised. The underwriters may cover any covered short position by either exercising their option to purchase additional ADSs or purchasing ADSs in the open market. In determining the source of ADSs
to cover the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price ADSs available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase additional ADSs pursuant to the option described
above. “Naked” short sales are any short sales that create a short position greater than the amount of additional ADSs for which the option described above may be exercised. The underwriters must cover any such naked short position by
purchasing ADSs in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of our ADSs in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect
investors who purchase in the offering. Stabilizing transactions consist of various bids for or purchases of ADSs made by the underwriters in the open market prior to the closing of the offering.
The underwriters may also impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the underwriters a portion
of the underwriting discount received by it because the representatives have repurchased ADSs sold by or for the account of such underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions.
Purchases to cover a short position and stabilizing transactions, as well as other purchases by the underwriters for their own
accounts, may have the effect of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our ADSs, and together with the imposition of the penalty bid, may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of our ADSs. As a result, the price
of the ADSs may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. The underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. These transactions may be effected on
, in the
over-the-counter
market or otherwise.
We have agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act.
The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various
activities, which may include sales and trading, commercial and investment banking, advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, market making, brokerage and other financial and
non-financial
activities and services. Certain of the underwriters and their respective affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, a variety of these services to the issuer and to persons and
entities with relationships with the issuer, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses.
In the
ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates, officers, directors and employees may purchase, sell or hold a broad array of investments and actively traded securities, derivatives, loans,
commodities, currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and trading activities may involve or relate to assets, securities or instruments of the
issuer (directly, as collateral securing other obligations or otherwise) or persons and entities with relationships with the issuer. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also communicate independent investment recommendations, market
color or trading ideas or publish or express independent research views in respect of such assets, securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they should acquire, long or short positions in such assets,
securities and instruments.
The address for RBC Capital Markets, LLC is 200 Vesey Street, New York, New York 10281.
The address for Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated is 787 7th Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, New York 10019.
128
Table of Contents
European Economic Area
In relation to each EEA Member State and, until the expiration of the period during which the United Kingdom continues to be
subject to European Union law without being an EEA Member State (the “Transition Period”), none of the ADSs have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in that EEA Member State prior to the publication of a
prospectus in relation to the ADSs which has been approved by the competent authority in that EEA Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another EEA Member State and notified to the competent authority in that EEA Member State, all in
accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), except that offers of ADSs may be made to the public in that EEA Member State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
•
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation;
•
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representative for any such offer; or
•
in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of the ADSs shall require the Company or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision,
the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any of the ADSs in any EEA Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any ADSs to be offered so as to
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any ADSs.
United Kingdom
Each Underwriter has represented and agreed that:
•
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the ADSs in
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Company; and
•
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it
in relation to the ADSs in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
After the expiration of the
Transition Period, none of the ADSs have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the ADSs (which has been approved by the Financial Conduct
Authority in accordance with the FSMA, as amended), except that offers of ADSs may be made to the public in that EEA Member State at any time under the following exemptions under the FSMA, as amended:
•
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the FSMA;
•
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the FSMA), subject
to obtaining the prior consent of the representative for any such offer; or
•
in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, as amended, provided that no such offer
of the ADSs shall require the company or the representative to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Section 87G of the FSMA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an
“offer to the public” in relation to any ADSs in the United Kingdom the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any ADSs to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to
purchase or subscribe for any ADSs.
129
Table of Contents
Israel
The ADSs offered by this prospectus have not been approved or disapproved by the Israel Securities Authority (the
“ISA”), nor have such ADSs s been registered for sale in Israel. The ADSs may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Israel, absent the publication of a prospectus that has been approved by the ISA. The ISA has
not issued permits, approvals or licenses in connection with this offering or publishing this prospectus, nor has it authenticated the details included herein, confirmed their reliability or completeness, or rendered an opinion as to the quality of
the ADSs being offered.
This document does not constitute a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law and has not been
filed with or approved by the ISA. In the State of Israel, this document may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, and any offer of the ADSs may be directed only at, (i) to the extent applicable, a limited number of persons in
accordance with the Israeli Securities Law and (ii) investors listed in the first addendum to the Israeli Securities Law (the “Addendum”) consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies,
banks, portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange Ltd., underwriters, venture capital funds, entities with equity in excess of NIS 50 million and “qualified individuals,” each as defined in the
Addendum (as it may be amended from time to time), collectively referred to as “qualified investors” (in each case purchasing for their own account or, where permitted under the Addendum, for the accounts of their clients who are investors
listed in the Addendum). Qualified investors will be required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Addendum, are aware of the meaning of same and agree to it.
Canada
The ADSs may be sold in Canada only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited
investors, as defined in National Instrument
45-106
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario) and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument
31-103
Registration Requirements, Exemptions, and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the ADSs must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus
requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may
provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory of these rights or consult
with a legal advisor.
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument
33-105
Underwriting Conflicts (NI
33-105),
the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI
33-105
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest
in connection with this offering.
Hong Kong
The ADSs may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance”) or which do not
constitute an invitation to the public within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“Securities and Futures Ordinance”), (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance,
and no advertisement,
130
Table of Contents
invitation or document relating to the ADSs may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to ADSs which are or are intended to be disposed of only to
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” in Hong Kong as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder.
Singapore
This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this
prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of ADSs may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the ADSs be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, or
the SFA, (2) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (3) otherwise
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the ADSs are
subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the ADSs pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 32 of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Shares and Debentures)
Regulations 2005 of Singapore.
Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to Section 309B
of the SFA, we have determined, and hereby notify all relevant persons (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018), that the ADSs are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment
Products (as defined in MAS Notice
SFA 04-N12: Notice
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice
FAA N-16: Notice
on Recommendations on
Investment Products).
Japan
The ADSs have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of
1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”). The ADSs may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of any resident of Japan (including any person resident in Japan or any
131
Table of Contents
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the FIEA and otherwise in compliance with any relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Australia
No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement, or other disclosure document has been lodged with the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission (the “ASIC”) in relation to this offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement, or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the
“Corporations Act”) and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement, or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.
Any offer in Australia of the ADSs may only be made to persons (“Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated
investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act), or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section
708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the ADSs without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.
The ADSs applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months
after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or
where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring securities must observe such Australian
on-sale
restrictions.
This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation,
or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate
to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters.
132
Table of Contents
EXPENSES OF THE OFFERING
We estimate that our expenses in connection with this offering, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, will be as
follows:
Expenses
Amount
SEC registration fee
$
*
FINRA filing fee
*
Stock exchange listing fee
*
Transfer agent’s fee
*
Printing and engraving expenses
*
Legal fees and expenses
*
Accounting fees and expenses
*
Miscellaneous costs
*
Total
*
*
To be filed by amendment.
All amounts in the table are estimates except the SEC registration fee, the stock exchange listing fee and the FINRA filing
fee. We will pay all of the expenses of this offering.
133
Table of Contents
LEGAL MATTERS
The validity of our ordinary shares and certain other matters of Israeli law will be passed upon for us by Naschitz, Brandes,
Amir & Co., Advocates, Tel Aviv, Israel. Certain matters of U.S. federal law will be passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins LLP. Certain matters of Israeli law will be passed upon for the underwriters by Goldfarb
Seligman & Co., Tel Aviv, Israel. Certain matters of U.S. federal law will be passed upon for the underwriters by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP.
134
Table of Contents
EXPERTS
The consolidated financial statements of Tremor International Ltd. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
and for each of the years in the
two-year
period ended December 31, 2020, have been included herein in reliance upon the report of Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International, independent
registered public accounting firm, appearing elsewhere herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The current address of Somekh Chaikin is 17 Ha’arba’a Street, Tel Aviv 64739, Israel.
135
Table of Contents
ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES
We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel. Service of process upon us and upon our directors and officers and
the Israeli experts named in this prospectus, substantially all of whom reside outside the United States, may be difficult to obtain within the United States. Furthermore, because substantially all of our assets and substantially all of our
directors and officers are located outside the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against us or any of our directors and officers may not be collectible within the United States.
We have irrevocably appointed Puglisi & Associates as our agent to receive service of process in any action against
us in any U.S. federal or state court arising out of this offering or any purchase or sale of securities in connection with this offering. The address of our agent is 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, DE 19711.
We have been informed by our legal counsel in Israel, Naschitz, Brandes, Amir & Co., Advocates, that it may be
difficult to initiate an action with respect to U.S. securities law in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws reasoning that Israel is not the most appropriate forum to hear such a
claim. In addition, even if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact by
expert witnesses which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure may also be governed by Israeli law.
Subject to certain time limitations and legal procedures, Israeli courts may enforce a U.S. judgment in a civil matter which,
subject to certain exceptions, is
non-appealable,
including judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and including a monetary or compensatory judgment in a
non-civil
matter, provided that:
•
the judgment was rendered by a court which was, according to the laws of the state of the court, competent to
render the judgment;
•
the obligation imposed by the judgment is enforceable according to the rules relating to the enforceability of
judgments in Israel and the substance of the judgment is not contrary to public policy; and
•
the judgment is executory in the state in which it was given.
Even if these conditions are met, an Israeli court may not declare a foreign civil judgment enforceable if:
•
the judgment was given in a state whose laws do not provide for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts
(subject to exceptional cases);
•
the enforcement of the judgment is likely to prejudice the sovereignty or security of the State of Israel;
•
the judgment was obtained by fraud;
•
the opportunity given to the defendant to bring its arguments and evidence before the court was not reasonable
in the opinion of the Israeli court;
•
the judgment was rendered by a court not competent to render it according to the laws of private international
law as they apply in Israel;
•
the judgment is contradictory to another judgment that was given in the same matter between the same parties
and that is still valid; or
•
at the time the action was brought in the foreign court, a lawsuit in the same matter and between the same
parties was pending before a court or tribunal in Israel.
If a foreign judgment is enforced by an
Israeli court, it generally will be payable in Israeli currency, which can then be converted into
non-Israeli
currency and transferred out of Israel. The usual practice in an action
136
Table of Contents
before an Israeli court to recover an amount in a
non-Israeli
currency is for the Israeli court to issue a judgment for the equivalent amount in Israeli
currency at the rate of exchange in force on the date of the judgment, but the judgment debtor may make payment in foreign currency. Pending collection, the amount of the judgment of an Israeli court stated in Israeli currency ordinarily will be
linked to the Israeli consumer price index plus interest at the annual statutory rate set by Israeli regulations prevailing at the time. Judgment creditors must bear the risk of unfavorable exchange rates.
137
Table of Contents
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We have filed with the SEC a registration statement (including amendments and exhibits to the registration statement) on Form
F-1
under the Securities Act. This prospectus, which is part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement. The rules and regulations of the SEC allow
us to omit certain information from this prospectus that is included in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules to the registration statement. For further information, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and
schedules filed as part of the registration statement.
Statements made in this prospectus concerning the contents of any
contract, agreement or other document are not complete descriptions of all terms of these documents. If a document has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, we refer you to the copy of the document that has been filed for a
complete description of its terms. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed exhibit. You should read this prospectus and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part completely.
Upon the closing of this offering, we will
become subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. Accordingly, we will be required to file reports and other information with the SEC, including annual reports on Form
20-F
and reports on
Form
6-K.
The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov.
As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt under the Exchange Act from, among other things, the rules prescribing the
furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we will not be
required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act.
We will send our transfer agent a copy of all notices of general meetings of shareholders and other reports, communications
and information that are made generally available to shareholders. The transfer agent has agreed to mail to all shareholders a notice containing the information (or a summary of the information) contained in any notice of a meeting of our
shareholders received by the transfer agent and will make available to all shareholders such notices and all such other reports and communications received by the transfer agent.
138
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2020
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
F-2
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operation and Other Comprehensive
income
F-4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
F-7-F-53
F-1
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
Tremor International Ltd.
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Tremor International Ltd. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
– “the Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2020, and the related notes, (collectively, the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting
Standard Board.
Basis for Opinion
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standard of the PCAOB. Such standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by Management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
/s/ Somekh Chaikin
Somekh Chaikin
Member Firm of
KPMG International
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014
Tel-Aviv, Israel
March 11, 2021
F-2
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
December 31,
2020
2019
Note
USD thousands
Assets
ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents
10
97,463
79,047
Trade receivables, net
8
153,544
96,829
Other receivables
8
17,615
9,729
Current tax assets
2,029
3,611
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS
270,651
189,216
Fixed assets, net
5
3,292
3,132
Right-of-use
assets
6
18,657
21,003
Intangible assets, net
7
224,500
210,285
Deferred tax assets
4
31,717
17,606
Other long term assets
1,834
1,332
TOTAL
NON-CURRENT
ASSETS
280,000
253,358
TOTAL ASSETS
550,651
442,574
Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
LIABILITIES:
Current maturities of lease liabilities
6
9,047
9,637
Trade payables
9
125,863
70,428
Other payables
9
47,122
25,049
Current tax liabilities
3,162
3,973
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES
185,194
109,087
Employee benefits
495
556
Long-term lease liabilities
6
12,162
14,632
Deferred tax liabilities
4
15,963
17,687
Other long term liabilities
19(b)
7,824
—
TOTAL
NON-CURRENT
LIABILITIES
36,444
32,875
TOTAL LIABILITIES
221,638
141,962
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:
14
Share capital
380
351
Share premium
264,831
240,989
Other comprehensive income
3,330
494
Retained earnings
60,472
58,778
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
329,013
300,612
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
550,651
442,574
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-3
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
STATEMENT OF OPERATION AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended
December 31,
2020
2019
Note
USD thousands
Revenues
11a
211,920
325,760
Cost of Revenues (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization shown separately below)
11b
59,807
187,246
Research and development expenses
13,260
16,168
Selling and marketing expenses
68,765
52,351
General and administrative expenses
12
29,678
34,433
Depreciation and amortization
45,187
32,359
Other expenses (income), net
13
1,248
(700
)
158,138
134,611
Operating Profit (Loss)
(6,025
)
3,903
Financing income
(445
)
(773
)
Financing expenses
1,862
1,088
Financing expenses, net
1,417
315
Profit (Loss) before taxes on income
(7,442
)
3,588
Tax benefit
4
9,581
2,636
Profit for the year
2,139
6,224
Other comprehensive income items:
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operation
2,836
139
Total other comprehensive income for the year
2,836
139
Total comprehensive income for the year
4,975
6,363
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share (in USD)
15
0.016
0.056
Diluted earnings per share (in USD)
15
0.015
0.054
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-4
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Share
capital
Share
premium
Other
comprehensive
income
Retained
Earnings
Total
USD thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2019
198
72,663
355
51,053
124,269
Total Comprehensive income for the year
Profit for the year
—
—
—
6,224
6,224
Other comprehensive Income:
Foreign currency translation
—
—
139
—
139
Total comprehensive income for the year
—
—
139
6,224
6,363
Transactions with owners, recognized directly in shareholders’ equity
Revaluation of liability for put option on
non-
controlling interests
—
—
—
1,501
1,501
Issuance of shares (net of issuance cost)
184
175,166
—
—
175,350
Own shares acquired
(41
)
(24,696
)
—
—
(24,737
)
Share based payments
—
16,042
—
—
16,042
Exercise of share options
10
1,814
—
—
1,824
Balance as of December 31, 2019
351
240,989
494
58,778
300,612
Total Comprehensive Income for the year
Profit for the year
—
—
—
2,139
2,139
Other comprehensive Income:
Foreign Currency Translation
—
—
2,836
—
2,836
Total comprehensive Income for the year
—
—
2,836
2,139
4,975
Transactions with owners, recognized directly in shareholders’ equity
Issuance of shares in a Business Combination
25
14,092
—
—
14,117
Revaluation of liability for put option on
non-
controlling interests
—
—
—
(445
)
(445
)
Own shares acquired
(15
)
(9,950
)
—
—
(9,965
)
Share based payments
—
18,770
—
—
18,770
Exercise of share options
19
930
—
—
949
Balance as of December 31, 2020
380
264,831
3,330
60,472
329,013
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-5
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended
December 31,
2020
2019
USD thousands
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
:
Profit for the year
2,139
6,224
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortization
45,187
32,359
Net financing expense (income)
1,310
(19
)
Loss on sale of fixed assets
3
11
Gain on leases change contracts
(2,103
)
(2,705
)
Gain on sale of business unit
(503
)
(700
)
Share-based payment
14,490
15,809
Tax benefit
(9,581
)
(2,636
)
Change in trade and other receivables
(39,351
)
36,466
Change in trade and other payables
25,882
(34,203
)
Change in employee benefits
(23
)
(290
)
Income taxes received
1,168
3,184
Income taxes paid
(2,855
)
(8,089
)
Interest received
517
604
Interest paid
(1,117
)
(942
)
Net cash provided by operating activities
35,163
45,073
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Change in pledged deposits
229
841
Leases receipt
2,885
1,669
Repayment of long-term loans
817
—
Acquisition of fixed assets
(594
)
(1,063
)
Acquisition and capitalization of intangible assets
(4,858
)
(5,672
)
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets
—
6
Proceeds from sale of business unit
232
—
Increase in bank deposit, net
—
(57
)
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired
6,208
23,714
Net cash provided by investing activities
4,919
19,438
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repayment of loans
—
(17,273
)
Acquisition of own shares
(9,965
)
(24,737
)
Proceeds from exercise of share options
949
1,824
Leases repayment
(13,351
)
(12,607
)
Net cash used in financing activities
(22,367
)
(52,793
)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents
17,715
11,718
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AS OF THE BEGINNING OF YEAR
79,047
67,073
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
701
256
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AS OF THE END OF YEAR
97,463
79,047
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
F-6
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1:
GENERAL
a.
Reporting entity:
Tremor International Ltd. (the “Company” or “Tremor International”), formerly known as Taptica
International Ltd., was incorporated in Israel under the laws of the State of Israel on March 20, 2007. The ordinary shares of the Company are listed on the AIM Market of the London Stock Exchange. The address of the registered office is 121
Hahashmonaim Street
Tel-Aviv,
Israel.
Tremor International is a
global Company offering an
end-to-end
software platform that supports a wide range of media types (e.g., video, display, etc.) and devices (e.g., mobile, Connected
TVs, streaming devices, desktop, etc.), creating an efficient marketplace where advertisers (buyers) are able to purchase high quality advertising inventory from publishers (sellers) at scale. Tremor Video Inc. (“Tremor Video’’), a
wholly owned subsidiary, is the Company’s Demand Side Platform (“DSP”) providing full-service and self-managed marketplace access to advertisers and agencies in order to execute their digital marketing campaigns in real time across
various ad formats. RhythmOne PLC (“RhythmOne’’) and Unruly Holding Ltd (“Unruly”), both wholly owned subsidiaries, provide access to the Sell Side Platform (“SSP”) which is designed to monetize digital inventory
for publishers and app developers by enabling their content to have the necessary code and requirements for programmatic advertising integration. The SSP provides access to significant amounts of data, unique demand and a comprehensive product suite
to drive more effective inventory management and revenue optimization. The Company also provides a Data Management Platform (“DMP”) solution which integrates both DSP and SSP solutions enabling advertisers and publishers to use data
from various sources in order to optimize results of their advertising campaigns.
Tremor International Ltd. is
headquartered in Israel and maintains offices throughout the US, Canada, EMEA and Asia-Pacific.
On April 1, 2019,
the Company completed an acquisition transaction with RhythmOne and on January 4, 2020 the Company completed an acquisition transaction with Unruly, see Note 19b. Following the acquisition of RhythmOne and Unruly, the Company invested and
developed capabilities both in the DSP and SSP solutions which launched in 2020 to offer an
end-to-end
platform that provides customers access to an advertising
marketplace in an efficient and scalable manner utilizing machine learning, artificial intelligence and advanced algorithms. As a result of those acquisitions and their influence on the Company’s operation and other changes in the industry
practice, the Company has changed revenue presentation as of 2020 to a net basis with respect to its programmatic activity (see Note 3k).
The global spread of
COVID-19,
which was declared a global pandemic by the World
Health Organization in March 2020, has created significant volatility, global macro-economic uncertainty and disruption in the business and financial markets. The
COVID-19
pandemic and efforts to control its
spread have curtailed the movement of people, goods, and services worldwide, including in the regions in which we and our customers and partners operate, and are impacting economic activity and financial markets. The spread of the
COVID-19
pandemic has resulted in, regional quarantines, labor shortages or stoppages, changes in consumer purchasing patterns, and overall economic instability.
The
COVID-19
pandemic has negatively impacted the first half of the year 2020, and may
continue to negatively impact, our revenue and results of operations, the extent and duration of
F-7
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 1:
GENERAL (Cont.)
which we may not be able to accurately predict. The Company has introduced a number of measures to mitigate the impact of
COVID-19,
including cost-cutting
initiatives with respect to reducing operating expenses, reducing headcount, freezing new hires, as well as accelerating the integration of Unruly which has been completed two months ahead of schedule. The Company continues to monitor and assess the
impact of the
COVID-19
pandemic on its operation, its customers and potential customers.
b.
Definitions:
In these financial statements –
The Company
-
Tremor International Ltd.
The Group
-
Tremor International Ltd. and its subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries
-
Companies, the financial statements of which are fully consolidated, directly or indirectly, with the financial statements
of the Company such as RhythmOne PLC, Unruly Holding Ltd, Tremor Video Inc.
Related party
-
As defined by IAS 24, “Related Party Disclosures”.
NOTE 2:
BASIS OF PREPARATION
a.
Statement of compliance:
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
The consolidated
financial statements were authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on March 10, 2021.
b.
Functional and presentation currency:
These consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollars (“USD”), which is the Company’s functional
currency, and have been rounded to the nearest thousands, except when otherwise indicated. The USD
is the currency that represents the principal economic environment in which the Company operates.
c.
Basis of measurement:
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for the following assets and
liabilities:
•
Deferred and current tax assets and liabilities
•
Put option to
non-controlling
interests
•
Provisions
•
Derivatives
For further information regarding the measurement of these assets and liabilities see Note 3 regarding significant accounting
policies.
F-8
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 2:
BASIS OF PREPARATION (Cont.)
d.
Use of estimates and judgments:
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management of the Group to make judgments, estimates
and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The preparation of accounting estimates used in the preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management
of the Group to make assumptions regarding circumstances and events that involve considerable uncertainty. Management of the Group prepares estimates on the basis of past experience, various facts, external circumstances, and reasonable assumptions
according to the pertinent circumstances of each estimate.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.
Information about assumptions made by the Group with respect to the future and other reasons for uncertainty with respect to
estimates that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the next financial year are included in Note 6, on leases, with respect to determining the lease term and determining the
discount rate of a lease liability, in Note 7, on intangible assets, with respect to the accounting of software development capitalization, in Note 4, on Income Tax, with respect to uncertain tax position and Note 19, on subsidiaries, with respect
to business combinations.
e.
Determination of fair value:
Preparation of the financial statements requires the Group to determine the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. When
determining the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group uses observable market data as much as possible. There are three levels of fair value measurements in the fair value hierarchy that are based on the data used in the measurement, as
follows:
•
Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
•
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either
directly or indirectly.
•
Level 3: inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
Further information about the assumptions that were used to determine fair value is included in the
following notes:
•
Note 16, share-based payments;
•
Note 17, financial instruments; and
•
Note 19, subsidiaries (regarding business combinations).
f.
Change in classification
During the current year the Company reclassified the share-based compensation to share premium and reclassified other expenses
(income) to operating expenses.
F-9
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 2:
BASIS OF PREPARATION (Cont.)
Furthermore, there was a correction of immaterial error in accrual for
credit presented net of accounts receivables to other payables.
This classification did not have any effect on the profit
of year ended in December 31, 2019.
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently for all periods presented in these consolidated financial
statements and have been applied consistently by Group entities.
a.
Basis of consolidation:
1)
Business combinations:
The Group implements the acquisition method to all business combinations. The acquisition date is the date on which the
acquirer obtains control over the acquiree. Control exists when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the acquiree and it has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the acquiree.
Substantive rights held by the Group and others are taken into account when assessing control.
The Group recognizes
goodwill on acquisition according to the fair value of the consideration transferred less the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
The consideration transferred includes the fair value of the assets transferred to the previous owners of the acquiree, the
liabilities incurred by the acquirer to the previous owners of the acquiree and equity instruments that were issued by the Group. In addition, the consideration transferred includes the fair value of any contingent consideration. After the
acquisition date, the Group recognizes changes in the fair value of contingent consideration classified as a financial liability in profit or loss.
If share-based payment awards (replacement awards) are required to be exchanged for awards held by the acquiree’s
employees (acquiree’s awards) and relate to past services, then all or a portion of the amount of the acquirer’s replacement awards is included in measuring the consideration transferred in the business combination. This determination is
based on the market-based value of the replacement awards compared with the market-based value of the acquiree’s awards and the extent to which the replacement awards relate to past and/or future service. The unvested portion of the replacement
award that is attributed to post-acquisition services is recognized as a compensation cost following the business combination.
Costs associated with the acquisitions that were incurred by the acquirer in the business combination such as: finder’s
fees, advisory, legal, valuation and other professional or consulting fees are expensed in the period the services are received.
2)
Subsidiaries:
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are included in the
consolidated financial statements from the date that control commenced, until the date that control is lost.
F-10
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
3)
Transactions eliminated on consolidation:
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are
eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
4)
Issuance of put option to
non-controlling
interests:
A put option issued by the Company to
non-controlling
interests
that is settled in cash is recognized as a liability at the present value of the exercise price under the anticipated acquisition method. In subsequent periods, the Group elected to account for the changes in the value of the liability in respect of
put options in shareholders’ equity (see also Note 17(e)).
Accordingly, the Group’s share of a
subsidiary’s profits includes the share of the
non-controlling
interests to which the Group issued a put option.
b.
Foreign currency:
1)
Foreign currency transactions:
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of the Group at exchange rates at
the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated in to the functional currency at the exchange rate on that date. The foreign currency gain or loss on monetary
items is the difference between amortized cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the year, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the year, and the amortized cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate as of
the end of the year.
Non-monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies that are measured at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at the exchange rate on the date that the fair value was determined.
Non-monetary
items that are measured in terms of
historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate on the date of the transaction.
2)
Foreign operations:
The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on acquisition, are
translated to USD at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to USD at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Foreign currency differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and are presented in shareholders’ equity.
c.
Financial instruments:
1)
Non-derivative
financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement of financial assets
The Group initially recognizes trade receivables and debt instruments issued on the date that they are created. All other
financial assets are recognized initially on the trade date at
F-11
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. A financial asset is initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
acquisition or issuance of the financial asset. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price. Receivables originating from contract assets are initially measured at the carrying amount
of the contract assets on the date classification was changed from contract asset to receivables.
Derecognition of
financial assets
Financial assets are derecognized when the contractual rights of the Group to the cash flows
from the asset expire, or the Group transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. When the
Group retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it continues to recognize the financial asset.
Classification of financial assets into categories and the accounting treatment of each category
Financial assets are classified at initial recognition to one of the following measurement categories: amortized cost; fair
value through other comprehensive income – investments in debt instruments; fair value through other comprehensive income – investments in equity instruments; or fair value through profit or loss.
Financial assets are not reclassified in subsequent periods unless, and only if, the Group changes its business model for the
management of financial debt assets, in which case the affected financial debt assets are reclassified at the beginning of the period following the change in the business model.
The Group has balances of trade and other receivables and deposits that are held within a business model whose objective is
collecting contractual cash flows. The contractual cash flows of these financial assets represent solely payments of principal and interest that reflects consideration for the time value of money and the credit risk. Accordingly, these financial
assets are measured at amortized cost.
Subsequent measurement and gains and losses
Financial assets at amortized cost
These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The amortized cost is reduced by
impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognized in profit or loss.
F-12
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
2)
Non-derivative
financial liabilities
Non-derivative
financial liabilities include trade and other payables.
Initial
recognition of financial liabilities
The Group initially recognizes debt securities issued on the date that they originated. All other financial liabilities are
recognized initially on the trade date at which the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Subsequent
measurement of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities (other than financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are recognized initially at fair
value less any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition these financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Financial liabilities are designated at fair value through
profit or loss if the Group manages such liabilities and their performance is assessed based on their fair value in accordance with the Group’s documented risk management strategy, providing that the designation is intended to prevent an
accounting mismatch, or the liability is a combined instrument including an embedded derivative.
Transaction costs
directly attributable to an expected issuance of an instrument that will be classified as a financial liability are recognized as an asset in the framework of deferred expenses in the statement of financial position. These transaction costs are
deducted from the financial liability upon its initial recognition, or are amortized as financing expenses in the statement of income when the issuance is no longer expected to occur.
Derecognition
of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are derecognized when the obligation of the Group, as specified in the agreement, expires or when it is
discharged or cancelled.
Offset
of financial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only
when, the Group currently has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
3)
Derivative financial instruments:
Economic hedges
Hedge accounting is not applied to derivative instruments that economically hedge financial assets and liabilities denominated
in foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of such derivatives are recognized in profit or loss under financing income or expenses.
4)
Share capital:
Ordinary shares
Ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary
shares and share options are recognized as a deduction from shareholders’ equity, net of any tax effects.
F-13
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Incremental costs directly attributable to an expected issuance of an
instrument that will be classified as an equity instrument are recognized as an asset in deferred expenses in the statement of financial position. The costs are deducted from shareholders’ equity upon the initial recognition of the equity
instruments or are amortized as financing expenses in the statement of income when the issuance is no longer expected to take place.
Treasury shares
When share capital recognized as equity is repurchased by the Group, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes
directly attributable costs, net of any tax effects, is recognized as a deduction from shareholders’ equity. Repurchased shares are classified as a deduction in Share Premium. When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount
received is recognized as an increase in shareholders’ equity, and the resulting surplus on the transaction is carried to share premium, whereas a deficit on the transaction is deducted from retained earnings.
d.
Fixed Assets:
Fixed assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation. The cost of fixed assets includes expenditure that is
directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Depreciation is provided on all property and equipment at rates calculated to write each asset down to its residual value (assumed to be nil), using the straight line method, over its expected
useful life as follows:
Years
Computers and servers
3
Office furniture and equipment
3-17
Leasehold improvements
The shorter of the lease term and the useful life
An asset is depreciated from the date it is ready for use, meaning the date it reaches
the location and condition required for it to operate in the manner intended by management.
Depreciation methods, useful
lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting year and adjusted if appropriate.
e.
Intangible assets:
1)
Software development:
Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and
understanding, is recognized in profit or loss when incurred.
Development activities involve a plan or design for the
production of new or substantially improved products and processes. Development expenditure is capitalized only if development costs can be measured reliably, the product or process is technically and commercially feasible, future economic benefits
are probable, and the Group has the intention and sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset. The
F-14
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
expenditure capitalized in respect of development activities includes the cost of materials, direct labor and overhead costs that are directly attributable to preparing the asset for its intended
use, and capitalized borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
In
subsequent periods, capitalized development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
Where these criteria are not met development costs are charged to the statement of operation and other comprehensive income as
incurred.
The estimated useful lives of developed software are three years.
Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each reporting year and adjusted if
appropriate.
2)
Acquired software:
Acquired software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific
software licenses. These costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives (3 years) using the straight line method. Costs associated with maintaining software programs are recognized as an expense as incurred.
3)
Goodwill:
Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of subsidiaries is presented as part of intangible assets. For information on
measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see Note 3a(1).
In subsequent periods goodwill is measured at cost less
accumulated impairment losses. The Group has identified its entire operation as a single cash generating unit (CGU). According to management assessment, no impairment in respect to goodwill has been recorded.
4)
Other intangible assets:
Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group, which have finite useful lives, are measured at cost less accumulated
amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
5)
Amortization:
Amortization is a systematic allocation of the amortizable amount of an intangible asset over its useful life. The amortizable
amount is the cost of the asset less its accumulated residual value.
Internally generated intangible assets, such as
software development costs, are not systematically amortized as long as they are not available for use, i.e. they are not yet on site or in working condition for their intended use. Goodwill is not systematically amortized as well, but is tested for
impairment at least once a year.
F-15
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
The Group examines the amortization methods, useful life and accumulated
residual values of its intangible assets at least once a year (usually at the end of each reporting period) in order to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the decision that the intangible asset has an indefinite useful
life.
Amortization is recognized in the statements of other comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the intangible assets from the date they are available for use, since this method most closely reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in each asset, such as development costs,
are tested for impairment at least once a year until such date as they are available for use.
The estimated useful lives
for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
Trademarks
1.75-5
years
Software (developed and acquired)
3 years
Customer relationships
3-5.75
years
Technology
1-5 years
Others
1-3
years
Amortization methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at the end of each
reporting year and adjusted if appropriate.
In the reporting period the Company changed the expected useful life of
intangible asset items. For further information see Note 7 regarding the basis of preparation of the financial statements.
f.
Impairment:
Non-derivative
financial assets
Financial assets, contract assets and lease receivables
The Group recognizes a provision for expected credit losses in respect of:
•
Financial assets at amortized cost;
•
Lease receivables.
The Group has elected to measure the provision for expected credit losses in respect of financial assets and lease receivables
at an amount equal to the full lifetime credit losses of the instrument.
When determining whether the credit risk of a
financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition, and when estimating expected credit losses, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available. Such information includes quantitative and
qualitative information, and an analysis, based on the Group’s past experience and informed credit assessment, and it includes forward looking information.
Measurement of expected credit losses
Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value
of the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive.
F-16
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
With respect to other debt assets, the Group measures the provision for
expected credit losses at an amount equal to the full lifetime expected credit losses, other than the provisions hereunder that are measured at an amount equal to the
12-month
expected credit losses:
•
Debt instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
•
Other debt instruments and deposits, for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
recognition.
Presentation of provision for expected credit losses in the statement of financial
position
Provisions for expected credit losses of financial assets measured at amortized cost and are deducted from
the gross carrying amount of the financial assets.
Write-off
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off when the Group does not have reasonable expectations of
recovering a financial asset at its entirety or a portion thereof. This is usually the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that may generate sufficient cash flows for paying the amounts being
written off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.
Write-off
constitutes a
de-recognition
event.
g.
Impairment of
non-financial
assets:
Non-financial
assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which an asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is
the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units).
Non-financial
assets that were subject to impairment are reviewed for possible
reversal of the impairment recognized in respect thereof at each financial reporting date.
h.
Restricted Deposit:
The Company classifies certain restricted deposit balances within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the
consolidated balance sheets based upon the term of the remaining restrictions. At December 31, 2020 and 2019 the Company had restricted deposit of USD 49 thousand and USD 119 thousand, respectively.
i.
Share Based Compensation:
Compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units. The Company’s employee
stock purchase plan is measured and recognized in the consolidated financial statements based on the fair value of the awards granted. The fair value
F-17
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
of each option award is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Stock-based compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock is recognized over
the requisite service periods of the awards.
Determining the fair value of stock options awards requires judgment. The
Company’s use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions. The assumptions used in the Company’s option-pricing model represent management’s best estimates. These estimates involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of management’s judgment.
These assumptions and estimates are as follows:
Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yields of U.S. Treasury securities with maturities
approximating the expected term of the awards.
Expected Term. The expected term of an award is calculated based on the
vesting date and the expiration date of the award.
Volatility. The Company determined the price volatility based on daily
price observations over a period equivalent to the expected term of the award.
Dividend Yield. The dividend yield
assumption is based on the Company’s history and current expectations of dividend payouts.
Fair Value of Common
Stock. The fair value of common stock is based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date
j.
Employee benefits:
1)
Post-employment benefits:
The Group’s main post-employment benefit plan is under section 14 to the Severance Pay Law (“Section 14”),
which is accounted for as a defined contribution plan. In addition, for certain employees, the Group has an additional immaterial plan that is accounted for as a defined benefit plan. These plans are usually financed by deposits with insurance
companies or with funds managed by a trustee.
a)
Defined contribution plans:
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate
entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognized as an expense in the statement of comprehensive income in the periods during which related
services are rendered by employees.
According to Section 14, the payment of monthly deposits by a Company into
recognized severance and pension funds or insurance policies releases it from any additional severance obligation to the employees that have entered into agreements with the Company pursuant to such Section 14. The Company has entered into
agreements with a majority of its employees in order to implement Section 14 and as such, no additional liability with respect to such employees exist.
F-18
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
b)
Defined benefit plans:
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Group’s net
obligation in respect of defined benefit pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is
discounted to determine its present value, and the fair value of any plan assets is deducted. The Group determines the net interest expense (income) on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate used to
measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the
then-net
defined benefit liability (asset).
2)
Short-term benefits:
Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is
provided or upon the actual absence of the employee when the benefit is not accumulated (such as maternity leave).
A
liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and
the obligation can be estimated reliably.
The employee benefits are classified, for measurement purposes, as short-term
benefits or as other long-term benefits depending on when the Group expects the benefits to be wholly settled.
Share-based payment arrangements in which equity instruments are granted by the parent Company to the employees of the Company
are accounted for by the Company as equity-settled share-based payment transactions.
k.
Revenue recognition:
The Company recognizes revenue through the following five-step model:
(1)
Identifying the contract with customer.
(2)
Identifying distinct performance obligations in the contract.
(3)
Determining the transaction price.
(4)
Allocating the transaction price to distinct performance obligations.
(5)
Recognizing revenue when the performance obligations are satisfied.
The Company generates revenue from transactions where it provides access to a platform for the purchase and sale of digital
advertising inventory.
Its customers are both ad buyers, including brands and agencies, and digital publishers.
The Company generates revenue through platform fees that are tailored to fit the customer’s specific utilization of our
solutions and include: (i) a percentage of spend, (ii) flat fees and (iii) fixed costs per mile (“CPM”). CPM refers to a payment option in which customers pay a price for every 1,000 impressions an advertisement receives.
F-19
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
The Company maintains agreements with each publisher and buyer in the form
of written service agreements, which set out the terms of the relationship, including payment terms and access to the Company’s platform.
Publishers provide digital advertising inventory to the Company’s platform in the form of advertising requests, or ad
request. When the Company receives ad requests from a publisher, it send bid requests to buyers, which enable buyers to bid on sellers’ digital advertising inventory according to a predefined set of parameters (e.g., demographics, intent,
location, etc.). Winning bids create advertising, or paid impressions, for the publisher to present to the buyers.
The
Company generates revenue from its Programmatic and Performance activities. Programmatic revenue is derived from the
end-to-end
platform of programmatic advertising,
which uses software and algorithms to match buyers and sellers of digital advertising in a technology-driven marketplace. Performance revenue is derived from
non-core
activities, consisting of mobile-based
activities that help brands reach their users.
Till the acquisitions of RhythmOne and its integration into the Company
and the acquisition of Unruly in the beginning of 2020 (i.e. for the year ended December 31, 2019), the Company determined that it operated as a principal with respect to its Programmatic activity and therefore presented revenue on a gross
basis mainly as: (i) the Company operated predominantly through a DSP platform prior to the acquisition and full integration of RhythmOne, (ii) the Company was highly involved in execution of the process, which required certain manual
operations by Company employees and (iii) the Company determined that it had an implicit obligation to provide credits and inducements to customers to encourage use of the platform. That is, the Company determined, on this basis, that it had an
implicit obligation to provide advertising space to customers, even though the contractual terms and conditions (including its Master Service Agreements (MSA) and Insertion Order (I/O)) do not explicitly state that the Company is obliged to deliver
customers an applicable advertising space or to provide inducements to the customer. Consequently, the Company concluded that it was the primarily responsible for fulfillment of the contract.
Following the full integration with RhythmOne and the acquisition of Unruly in 2020, the Company positions itself as a
stronger digital advertising platform in the marketplace with an integrated,
end-to-end
platform connecting the DSP and SSP sides of the business in a unified platform.
As a result, the Company has changed its Programmatic business, tech stack, features, business models and activity as follow: (i) The Company implemented a material change in its tech stack and operations, offering new services and features
that increased automation across the platform, significantly decreasing the need for Company employees to manually operate the platform; and (ii) The Company decreased significantly the level of credits and inducements offered to its customers.
The Company further concluded that as a result of such change in its Programmatic activity (i) it does not have
manual control over the process, (ii) the Company is not primarily responsible for fulfillment, (iii) the Company has no inventory risk and (iv) the Company obtains only momentary a title to the advertising space offered via the
end-to-end
platform.
The Performance activity
has not changed and the Company is still the primary obligor to provide the services and, as such, revenue is presented on a gross basis for the Performance activity. Management is focused on driving growth with the Programmatic activity through the
end-to-end
platform, while the Performance activity is declining over time.
F-20
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
The Company estimates and records reduction to revenues for volume discounts
based on expected volume during the incentive term.
The Company generally invoices buyers at the end of each month for
the full purchase price of ad impressions monetized in that month. Accounts receivable are recorded at the amount of gross billings for the amount it is responsible to collect and accounts payable are recorded at the net amount payable to
publishers. Accordingly, both accounts receivable and accounts payable appear large in relation to revenue reported on a net basis.
l.
Classification of expenses:
Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue includes expenses related to third-party hosting fees and the cost of data purchased from third parties,
traffic acquisition costs, data and hosting that are directly attributable to revenue generated by the Company (see Note 11b).
Research and development
Research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel responsible for the
research and development of new and existing products and services. Where required, development expenditures are capitalized in accordance with the Company’s standard internal capitalized development policy in accordance with IAS 38 (also see
Note 3e(1)). All research costs are expensed when incurred.
Selling and marketing
Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel engaged in customer service,
sales, and sales support functions, as well as advertising and promotional expenditures.
General and
administrative
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for personnel,
and include costs related to the Company’s facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, legal organizations and fees for professional services. Professional services are principally comprised of outside legal, and information
technology consulting and outsourcing services that are not directly related to other operational expenses.
m.
Financing income and expenses:
Financing income mainly comprises foreign currency gains and interest income.
Financing expenses comprises of exchange rate differences, interest and bank fees, interest on loans and other expenses.
Foreign currency gains and losses on financial assets and financial liabilities are reported on a net basis as either
financing income or financing expenses depending on whether foreign currency movements are in a net gain or net loss position.
F-21
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
n.
Income tax expense:
Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in the statement of comprehensive
income except to the extent that they relate to a business combination.
Current taxes
Current tax is the expected tax payable (or receivable) on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred taxes
Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.
Deferred tax is not recognized for the following
temporary differences:
•
The initial recognition of goodwill; and
•
Differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent it is probable that they will not reverse in
the foreseeable future, either by way of selling the investment or by way of distributing taxable dividends in respect of the investment.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects, at the
end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have
been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
A deferred tax asset is recognized for tax benefits and
deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no
longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.
Offset of deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority.
Uncertain tax positions
A provision for uncertain tax positions, including additional tax and interest expenses, is recognized when it is more
probable than not that the Group will have to use its economic resources to pay the obligation.
F-22
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
o.
Leases:
Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease
On the inception date of the lease, the Group determines whether the arrangement is a lease or contains a lease, while
examining if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. In its assessment of whether an arrangement conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group
assesses whether it has the following two rights throughout the lease term:
(a)
The right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use of the identified asset; and
(b)
The right to direct the identified asset’s use.
For lease contracts that contain
non-lease
components, such as services or
maintenance, that are related to a lease component, the Group elected to account for the contract as a single lease component without separating the components.
Leased assets and lease liabilities
Contracts that award the Group control over the use of a leased asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration, are
accounted for as leases. Upon initial recognition, the Group recognizes a liability at the present value of the balance of future lease payments (these payments do not include certain variable lease payments), and concurrently recognizes a
right-of-use
asset at the same amount of the lease liability, adjusted for any prepaid or accrued lease payments or provision for impairment, plus initial direct costs
incurred in respect of the lease.
Since the interest rate implicit in the Group’s leases is not readily
determinable, the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee is used. Subsequent to initial recognition, the
right-of-use
asset is accounted for using the cost model, and
depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or useful life of the asset.
The lease term
The lease term is the
non-cancellable
period of the lease plus periods covered by an
extension or termination option if it is reasonably certain that the lessee will or will not exercise the option, respectively.
Variable lease payments
Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, are initially measured using the index or rate existing at the
commencement of the lease and are included in the measurement of the lease liability. When the cash flows of future lease payments change as the result of a change in an index or a rate, the balance of the liability is adjusted against the
right-of-use
asset.
Other variable lease
payments that are not included in the measurement of the lease liability are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers payment occurs.
F-23
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Depreciation of
right-of-use
asset
After lease
commencement, a
right-of-use
asset is measured on a cost basis less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses and is adjusted for
re-measurements
of the lease liability. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the useful life or contractual lease period, whichever earlier, as follows:
•   Buildings
1-8
years
•   Data centers
1-3
years
Reassessment of lease liability
Upon the occurrence of a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is under the control of the Group and
had an effect on the decision whether it is reasonably certain that the Group will exercise an option, which was not included before in the lease term, or will not exercise an option, which was previously included in the lease term, the Group
re-measures
the lease liability according to the revised leased payments using a new discount rate. The change in the carrying amount of the liability is recognized against the
right-of-use
asset, or recognized in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the
right-of-use
asset was reduced to zero.
Lease modifications
When a lease modification increases the scope of the lease by adding a right to use one or more underlying assets, and the
consideration for the lease increased by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the contract’s circumstances, the Group accounts for the
modification as a separate lease.
In all other cases, on the initial date of the lease modification, the Group allocates
the consideration in the modified contract to the contract components, determines the revised lease term and measures the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate.
For lease modifications that decrease the scope of the lease, the Group recognizes a decrease in the carrying amount of the
right-of-use
asset in order to reflect the partial or full cancellation of the lease, and recognizes in profit or loss a profit (or loss) that equals the difference between
the decrease in the
right-of-use
asset and
re-measurement
of the lease liability.
For other lease modifications, the Group
re-measures
the lease liability against the
right-of-use
asset.
Subleases
In leases where the Group subleases the underlying asset, the Group examines whether the sublease is a finance lease or
operating lease with respect to the
right-of-use
received from the head lease. The Group examined the subleases existing on the date of initial application based on the
remaining contractual terms at that date.
p.
Earnings per share:
The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
F-24
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 3:
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.)
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for treasury shares. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to
ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, after adjustment for treasury shares, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise restricted stock.
q.
New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations not yet adopted:
Amendment to IFRS 3, Business Combinations
The Amendment adds an exception to the principle for recognizing liabilities in IFRS 3. According to the exception, contingent
liabilities are to be recognized according to the requirements of IAS 37 and IFRIC 21 and not according to the conceptual framework. The Amendment prevents differences in the timing of recognizing liabilities that could have led to the recognition
of gains and losses immediately after the business combination (day 2 gain or loss). The Amendment also clarifies that contingent assets are not to be recognized on the date of the business combination. The Amendment is effective for annual periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2022. The Group has not yet commenced examining the effects of the Amendment on the financial statements.
Amendments to IFRS 9
The Amendments include practical expedients regarding the accounting treatment of modifications in contractual terms that are
a result of the interest rate benchmark reform (a reform that in the future will lead to the replacement of interest rates such as the Libor and Euribor). Thus for example:
•
When certain modifications are made in the terms of financial assets or financial liabilities as a result of
the reform, the entity shall update the effective interest rate of the financial instrument instead of recognizing a gain or loss.
•
Certain modifications in lease terms that are a result of the reform shall be accounted for as an update to
lease payments that depend on an index or rate.
•
Certain modifications in terms of the hedging instrument or hedged item that are a result of the reform shall
not lead to the discontinuance of hedge accounting.
The Amendments are applicable retrospectively as
from January 1, 2021 with early application permitted.
In the opinion of the Group, application of the Amendments is
not expected to have a material effect on the financial statements.
NOTE 4:
INCOME TAX
a.
Details regarding the tax environment of the Israeli companies:
1)
Corporate tax rate
Taxable income of the Israeli parent is subject to the Israeli corporate tax at the rate of 23% in 2020 and 2019.
F-25
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 4:
INCOME TAX (Cont.)
2)
Benefits under the Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments
The Investment Law provides tax benefits for Israeli companies meeting certain requirements and criteria. The Investment Law
has undergone certain amendments and reforms in recent years.
The Israeli parliament enacted a reform to the Investment
Law, effective January 2011. According to the reform, a flat rate tax applies to companies eligible for the “Preferred Enterprise” status. In order to be eligible for Preferred Enterprise status, a company must meet minimum requirements to
establish that it contributes to the country’s economic growth and is a competitive factor for the gross domestic product.
On December 22, 2016 the Knesset plenum passed the Economic Efficiency Law (Legislative Amendments for Achieving Budget
Objectives in the Years 2017 and 2018) – 2016, by which the Encouragement Law was also amended (hereinafter: “the Amendment”). The Amendment added new tax benefit tracks for a “preferred technological enterprise” and a
“special preferred technological enterprise” that awards reduced tax rates to a technological industrial enterprise for the purpose of encouraging activity relating to the development of qualifying intangible assets.
Preferred technological income that meets the conditions required in the law, will be subject to a reduced corporate tax rate
of 12%, and if the preferred technological enterprise is located in Development Area A to a tax rate of 7.5%. The Amendment is effective as from January 1, 2017.
The Amendment also provides that no tax will apply to a dividend distributed out of preferred income to a shareholder that is
an Israeli resident company. A tax rate of 20% shall apply to a dividend distributed out of preferred income to an individual shareholder or foreign resident, subject to double taxation prevention treaties.
On May 16, 2017 the Knesset Finance Committee approved Encouragement of Capital Investment Regulations (Preferred
Technological Income and Capital Gain of Technological Enterprise) – 2017 (hereinafter: “the Regulations”), which provides rules for applying the “preferred technological enterprise” and “special preferred technological
enterprise” tax benefit tracks including the Nexus formula that provides the mechanism for allocating the technological income eligible for the benefits.
In June 2016, Taptica, a wholly owned subsidiary, appealed for a tax ruling to apply “the preferred enterprise”
track, which was obtained on April 2017 and will be apply for the years 2016-2020.
On 28 December 2016, Taptica
Social, a wholly owned subsidiary, together with Taptica appealed for a tax ruling for a restructuring, whereby Taptica Social will be merged with and into Taptica in such a manner that Taptica Social will transfer to Taptica all its assets and
liabilities for no consideration and thereafter will be liquidated. Accordingly, on 6 June 2017 the merger between the companies was approved by the Israeli Tax Authority and the effective merge date was determined as December 31 2016. As a
result of the merger, the ruling previously obtained by Taptica regarding the preferred income required
re-
validation from the Israeli tax authority. Therefore Taptica appealed and received on December 2018
re-validation
from the Israeli tax authority for the ruling which determines that Taptica owns an industrial enterprise and Preferred Technological Enterprise as defined in the Law for the Encouragement of Capital
Investments – 1959. In addition, as a
F-26
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 4:
INCOME TAX (Cont.)
part of the
re-validation
of the ruling, Taptica also obtained an amendment that includes the acquisition and absorption of Tremor’s operation in the
rulings and apply the Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments to this purchased activity as well. The tax rulings which was obtained on December 2018 will apply for the years 2017-2021.
On December 3, 2018, the Company together with Taptica submitted a request to the Israeli tax authorities for a tax
ruling regarding to restructuring, whereby Taptica will be merged with and into the Company in such a manner that Taptica will transfer to the Company all its assets and liabilities for no consideration and thereafter will be liquidated. As of May
08, 2019, the merger between the companies approved by the Israeli Tax Authority and the effective merge date was determined as December 31, 2018. Following the approval of the restructuring, the tax ruling regarding Taptica owns an industrial
enterprise and preferred technological enterprise which was obtained on December 2018 will apply on the merged Company for the years 2017-2021 with relative agreed changes.
b.
Details regarding the tax environment of the
non-Israeli
companies:
Non Israeli subsidiaries are taxed according to the tax laws in their countries of
residence as reported in their statutory financial statement prepared under local accounting regulations.
(1)
US
As of the acquisition date of RhythmOne, RhythmOne had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of
approximately USD 100.8 million as for the acquisition date, which will expire starting 2038. As of December 31, 2020 the NOLs are approximately USD 102 million.
Additionally, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act limits the NOL deduction to 80%
of taxable income, repeals carryback of all NOLs arising in a tax year ending after 2017 and permits indefinite carryforward for all such NOLs. NOL’s arising in a tax year ending in or before 2017 can offset 100% of taxable income, are
available for carryback, and expire 20 years after they arise. It should be noted that the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (“CARES”) Act suspended the 80% limitation for tax years 2018, 2019 and 2020 and allowed for a 5 year
carryback for NOLs for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021.
Pursuant to
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, RhythmOne underwent ownership changes for tax purposes (i.e. a more than 50% change in stock ownership in aggregated 5% shareholders) on April 2, 2019. As a result, the use of the Company’s
total US NOL carryforwards and tax credits generated prior to the ownership change will be subject to annual use limitations under Section 382 and may under section 383 of the Code and comparable state income tax laws.
(2)
International
As of the acquisition date of Unruly, Unruly had an International NOLs of approximately USD 24 million. As of
December 31, 2020 the NOLs are approximately USD 10.8 million.
F-27
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 4:
INCOME TAX (Cont.)
c.
Composition of income tax expense:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Current tax expense
Current year
3,022
4,571
Deferred tax (income)
Creation and reversal of temporary differences
(12,603
)
(7,207
)
Tax benefit
(9,581
)
(2,636
)
The following are the domestic and foreign components of the Company’s income taxes (in
thousands):
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Domestic
1,661
(639
)
US
(5,646
)
(416
)
International
(5,596
)
(1,581
)
Tax Benefit
(9,581
)
(2,636
)
d.
Reconciliation between the theoretical tax on the
pre-tax
profit and
the tax expense:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Profit (Loss) before taxes on income
(7,442
)
3,588
Primary tax rate of the Company
23%
23%
Tax calculated according to the Company’s primary tax rate
(1,712
)
825
Additional tax (tax saving) in respect of:
Non-deductible
expenses net of tax exempt income
(*)
(2,509
)
3,584
Effect of reduced tax rate on preferred income and differences in previous tax
assessments
170
(1,433
)
Utilization of tax losses from prior years for which deferred taxes were not created
(5,887
)
(5,050
)
Effect on deferred taxes at a rate different from the primary tax rate
(768
)
(873
)
Foreign tax rate differential
947
311
Other differences
178
—
Tax benefit
(9,581
)
(2,636
)
Effective income tax rate
129%
(73%)
(*)
including
non-
deductible share based payment expenses.
F-28
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 4:
INCOME TAX (Cont.)
e.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities:
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are
presented below:
Intangible
Assets and
R&D expenses
Employees
Compensation
Carryforward
Losses
Accrued
Expenses
Doubtful
Debt
Other
Total
USD thousands
Balance of deferred tax asset (liability) as of January 1, 2019
(74
)
838
—
59
379
190
1,392
Business combinations
(20,720
)
—
8,000
98
3,729
(2
)
(8,895
)
Changes recognized in profit or Loss
3,704
2,631
435
2,326
800
(2,689
)
7,207
Effect of change in tax rate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Changes recognized in shareholders’ equity
—
215
—
—
—
—
215
Balance of deferred tax asset (liability) as of December 31, 2019
(17,090
)
3,684
8,435
2,483
4,908
(2,501
)
(81
)
Business combinations
(4,409
)
85
2,330
250
168
530
(1,046
)
Changes recognized in profit or Loss
4,626
1,190
3,380
1,723
(1,352
)
3,036
12,603
Effect of change in tax rate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Changes recognized in shareholders’ equity
(162
)
4,280
—
—
—
160
4,278
Balance of deferred tax asset (liability) as of December 31, 2020
(17,035
)
9,239
14,145
4,456
3,724
1,225
15,754
As of each reporting date, the Company’s management considers new evidence, both
positive and negative, that could impact management’s view with regard to future realization of deferred tax assets.
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately USD
4,471 thousand and USD 3,946 thousand, respectively. The Company classifies liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in Current tax liabilities.
F-29
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 5:
FIXED ASSETS, NET
Computers And
Servers
Office furniture
and equipment
Leasehold
improvements
Total
USD thousands
Cost
Balance as of January 1, 2019
3,733
605
1,284
5,622
Exchange rate differences
—
—
2
2
Classification due to implementation of IFRS16
(945
)
—
—
(945
)
Additions
869
16
178
1,063
Business combinations (See Note 19)
2,023
109
271
2,403
Disposals
(106
)
(6
)
—
(112
)
Balance as of December 31, 2019
5,574
724
1,735
8,033
Exchange rate differences
13
14
4
31
Additions
1,768
15
77
1,860
Business combinations (See Note 19)
346
411
73
830
Disposals
(18
)
(32
)
(19
)
(69
)
Balance as of December 31, 2020
7,683
1,132
1,870
10,685
Depreciation
Balance as of January 1, 2019
1,912
196
635
2,743
Classification due to implementation of IFRS16
(527
)
—
—
(527
)
Disposals
(95
)
(1
)
—
(96
)
Additions
2,149
185
447
2,781
Balance as of December 31, 2019
3,439
380
1,082
4,901
Exchange rate differences
35
2
18
55
Disposals
(16
)
(31
)
(19
)
(66
)
Additions
1,523
472
508
2,503
Balance as of December 31, 2020
4,981
823
1,589
7,393
Carrying amounts
As of December 31, 2019
2,135
344
653
3,132
As of December 31, 2020
2,702
309
281
3,292
NOTE 6:
LEASES
a.
Leases in which the Group is the lessee:
The Group applies IFRS 16, Leases, as from January 1, 2019. The Group has lease agreements with respect to the following
items:
•
Offices;
•
Data center;
1)
Information regarding material lease agreements:
a)
The Group leases Offices mainly in the United States of America (US), Israel, Canada and UK with contractual
original lease periods ends between the years 2021 and 2027
F-30
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 6:
LEASES (Cont.)
from several lessors. The Group did not assume renewals in determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured at lease commencement.
A lease liability and
right-of-use
asset in
the amount of USD 16,121 thousand and USD 5,925 thousand, and USD 21,105 thousand and USD 13,155 thousand respectively, have been recognized in the statement of financial position as of December 31, 2020 and
December 31, 2019 in respect of leases of offices.
b)
The Group leases data center and related network infrastructure with contractual original lease periods ends
between the years 2021 and 2023. The Group did not assume renewals in determination of the lease term unless the renewals are deemed to be reasonably assured at lease commencement.
A lease liability in the amount of USD 5,088 thousand and USD 3,164 thousand as of December 31, 2020 and
December 31, 2019, respectively and
right-of-use
asset in the amount of USD 4,897 thousand and USD 3,560 thousand as of December 31, 2020 and
December 31, 2019, respectively have been recognized in the statement of financial position in respect of data centers.
2)
Lease liability:
Maturity analysis of the Group’s lease liabilities:
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Less than one year
(0-1)
9,047
9,637
One to five years
(1-5)
10,241
12,088
More than five years (5+)
1,921
2,544
Total
21,209
24,269
Current maturities of lease liability
9,047
9,637
Long-term lease liability
12,162
14,632
F-31
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 6:
LEASES (Cont.)
3)
Right-of-use
assets -
Composition:
Offices
Data center
Total
USD thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2019
9,336
845
10,181
Business combinations (See Note 19)
12,992
11,924
24,916
Depreciation on
right-of-use
assets
(5,644
)
(5,258
)
(10,902
)
Additions
391
33
424
Provision for Impairment
(2,994
)
(145
)
(3,139
)
Lease modifications
(124
)
(3,839
)
(3,963
)
Disposals
(802
)
—
(802
)
Balance as of December 31, 2019
13,155
3,560
16,715
Business combinations (See Note 19)
1,026
—
1,026
Depreciation on
right-of-use
assets
(6,958
)
(4,422
)
(11,380
)
Additions
1,629
5,680
7,309
Provision for Impairment
1,808
145
1,953
Lease modifications
(143
)
—
(143
)
Disposals
(4,570
)
(77
)
(4,647
)
Exchange rate differences
(22
)
11
(11
)
Balance as of December 31, 2020
5,925
4,897
10,822
4)
Amounts recognized in statement of operation:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Interest expenses on lease liability
(1,117
)
(779
)
Depreciation and amortization of
right-of-use
assets, net
(8,855
)
(9,109
)
Gains recognized in profit or loss
1,829
1,749
Total
(8,143
)
(8,139
)
5)
Amounts recognized in the statement of cash flows:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Cash outflow for leases
(14,468
)
(13,386
)
b.
Leases in which the Group is a lessor:
1)
Information regarding material lease agreements:
The Group subleases offices at US, Canada and UK for periods expiring in 2027.
F-32
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 6:
LEASES (Cont.)
2)
Net investment in the lease:
Presented hereunder is the movement in the net investment in the lease:
Offices
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Balance as of January 1,
4,288
1,064
Business combinations
—
3,327
Sublease receipts
(3,246
)
(1,669
)
Additions
7,094
1,566
Disposals
(301
)
—
Balance as of December 31,
7,835
4,288
3)
Maturity analysis of net investment in finance leases:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Less than one year
(0-1)
2,153
2,367
One to five years
(1-5)
3,816
1,921
More than five years (5+)
1,866
—
Total net investment in the lease as of December 31,
7,835
4,288
4)
Amounts recognized in statement of operation:
Offices
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Gain from subleases
274
956
Financing income on the net investment in the lease
361
71
Total
635
1,027
F-33
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 7:
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
Software
Trademarks
Customer
relationships
Technology
Others
Goodwill
Total
USD thousands
Cost
Balance as of January 1, 2019
8,187
8,201
7,414
27,458
1,044
32,985
85,289
Exchange rate differences
—
12
21
—
—
85
118
Additions
5,672
—
—
—
—
—
5,672
Business combinations (see Note 19)
5,378
17,470
30,284
17,629
—
100,633
171,394
Balance as of December 31, 2019
19,237
25,683
37,719
45,087
1,044
133,703
262,473
Exchange rate differences
—
529
567
73
47
1,280
2,496
Additions
4,858
—
—
—
—
—
4,858
Business combinations (see Note 19)
—
10,427
10,054
1,658
1,068
17,878
41,085
Balance as of December 31, 2020
24,095
36,639
48,340
46,818
2,159
152,861
310,912
Amortization
Balance as of January 1, 2019
5,869
6,973
2,596
15,202
1,044
—
31,684
Exchange rate differences
—
13
23
—
—
—
36
Additions
3,363
4,472
5,238
7,395
—
—
20,468
Balance as of December 31, 2019
9,232
11,458
7,857
22,597
1,044
—
52,188
Exchange rate differences
—
202
285
(162
)
70
—
395
Additions
5,214
8,976
9,053
9,598
988
—
33,829
Balance as of December 31, 2020
14,446
20,636
17,195
32,033
2,102
—
86,412
Carrying amounts
As of December 31, 2019
10,005
14,225
29,862
22,490
—
133,703
210,285
As of December 31, 2020
9,649
16,003
31,145
14,785
57
152,861
224,500
Capitalized development costs
Development costs capitalized in the period amounted to USD 4,816 thousand (2019: USD 4,651 thousand) and were classified
under software.
Impairment testing for intangible assets
The Company’s qualitative assessment during the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019, did not indicate that it is
more likely than not that the fair value of its goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets is less than the aggregate carrying amount.
As of December 31, 2020, the recoverable amount of goodwill was based on fair value less cost of disposal. The fair value
less costs of disposals was estimated according to the quoted price of the Company’s ordinary shares. The estimated recoverable amount was higher than the carrying amount, and therefore there was no need for impairment.
F-34
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 7:
INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET (Cont.)
As of December 31, 2019, the fair value less cost of disposals based on
the quoted price was lower than the carrying amount. As such, the recoverable amount was estimated based on value in use and was determined by discounting the future cash flows. The estimated recoverable amount was higher than the carrying amount,
and therefore there was no need for impairment.
Key assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amounts are:
Pre-tax discount rate
13% (WACC)
Terminal value growth rates
3%
EBITDA growth rate
12%-34%
The cash flow projections includes specific estimates for five years and terminal value growth
rates thereafter. EBITDA growth rate is expressed as the annual growth rate in the initial five years of the plans used for impairment testing and has been mainly based on past experience and management expectations.
The estimated recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount by approximately $91,953 thousand. Management has identified two
key assumptions for which there reasonably could be a possible change that could cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount. The table below shows the amount that these two assumptions are required to change individually in order for
the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying amount.
2019
%
Increase in Pre-tax discount rate
27
%
Decrease in Terminal value growth rate
100
%
Following the acquisition of Unruly, the Company examined the useful life of intangible assets
acquired in the past and determined to change the estimated economic life of part of the trademarks asset from 4.75 years to 2.75 years. The effects of the aforesaid change on amortization expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020,
2021, 2022 and 2023 is USD 1,512 thousands, USD 3,024 thousands, (USD 2,268) thousands and (USD 2,268) thousands, respectively.
NOTE 8:
TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Trade receivables:
Trade receivables
162,580
119,205
Allowance for doubtful debts
(9,036
)
(22,376
)
Trade receivables, net
153,544
96,829
Other receivables:
Prepaid expenses
14,053
7,196
Loan to third party
689
1,099
Institutions
1,165
966
Pledged deposits
872
368
Other
836
100
17,615
9,729
F-35
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 9:
TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Trade payables
125,863
70,428
Other payables:
Advances from customers
13,406
8,717
Wages, salaries and related expenses
13,853
9,109
Related Parties
2,746
—
Provision for vacation
554
612
Institutions
1,112
300
Ad spend liability
5,987
—
Liability for options on
non-controlling
interest
2,903
2,440
Others
6,561
3,871
47,122
25,049
NOTE 10:
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Cash
44,825
54,486
Bank deposits
52,638
24,561
Cash and cash equivalents
97,463
79,047
The Group’s exposure to credit, and currency risks are disclosed in Note 17 on financial
instruments.
NOTE 11a:
REVENUE
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Programmatic (1)
161,625
241,464
Performance
50,295
84,296
211,920
325,760
(1)
In 2020 and 2019 programmatic revenue is reported on net basis and gross basis, respectively and performance
revenue reported on gross basis for both years (see Note 3k). Media cost amounted to USD 117,301 thousand in the year ended December 31, 2019.
F-36
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 11b:
COST OF REVENUE
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Programmatic (1)
31,918
142,676
Performance
27,889
44,570
Cost of Revenue
59,807
187,246
(1)
In 2020 and 2019 programmatic revenue is reported on net basis and gross basis, respectively and performance
revenue reported on gross basis for both years (see Note 3k). Media cost amounted to USD 117,301 thousand in the year ended December 31, 2019.
NOTE 12:
GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Wages, salaries and related expenses
15,274
11,973
Share base payments
9,420
14,100
Rent and office maintenance
(483
)
232
Professional expenses
4,766
1,282
Doubtful debts
(1,091
)
3,003
Acquisition costs
524
2,840
Other expenses
1,268
1,003
29,678
34,433
NOTE 13:
OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME), NET
On December 31, 2019, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (as amended on February 14, 2020), with
Netaktion LLC pursuant to which it sold to Netaktion LLC, RhythmOne’s, owned and operated websites business for a purchase price consisting of (i) USD 100 thousand in cash, (ii) USD 600 thousand payable in the form of
promissory note payable in eighteen (18) installment payments from April 2021 through December, 2022, and (iii) up to USD 2,800 thousand payable under a profit sharing arrangement derived from the percentage of future profit.
The Company recognized an immediate capital gain of USD 700 thousand. As of December 31, 2020, the outstanding
balance of the promissory note was USD 618 thousand including interest.
On October 5, 2020, the Company entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement pursuant to which it sold to Fols Media LLC certain ad exchange operations for a purchase price consisting of (i) USD 51.6 thousand in cash, (ii) USD 85 thousand payable in the form of a bearing
interest promissory note payable in 2020 through 2022 and (iii) up to USD 1,200 thousand payable under a revenue sharing arrangement derived from a percentage of future revenue.
The Company recognized an immediate capital gain of USD 502.6 thousand. As of December 31, 2020, the Company
recognized USD 116 thousand in revenue sharing, and the outstanding balance of the promissory note was USD 71 thousand including interest.
F-37
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 13:
OTHER EXPENSES (INCOME), NET (Cont.)
The Company recognized a total amount of USD 1,700 thousand paid to
Uber, in relation to the full dismissal of the case against the Company (see Note 21a).
NOTE 14:
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Issued and
paid-in
share capital:
Ordinary Shares
2020
2019
Number of shares
Balance as of January 1
124,223,182
68,521,997
Own shares held by the Group
(5,277,220
)
(14,552,741
)
Share based compensation
6,444,944
3,517,441
Shares issued in business combination
8,525,323
66,736,485
Issued and
paid-in
share capital as of
December 31
133,916,229
124,223,182
Authorized share capital
300,000,000
300,000,000
1)
Rights attached to share:
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
per share at general meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.
2)
Director share allotment:
According to Director’s employment commitment letter, the Company is committed to issue shares worth of GBP 6,250 each
quarter in consideration of the director’s services.
In the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued
8,761 ordinary shares of a par value of NIS 0.01 based on the share price on the date of the issuance, only for the first quarter of 2019.
The total expenses recognized in the statement of Operation and Other Comprehensive Income in the year ended December 31,
2019 with respect to the director share allotment amounted to USD 8 thousand.
3)
Issuing new public shares:
Following the acquisition of Unruly, as described in Note 19b, the Company issued 8,525,323 shares at a quoted price of GBP
1.51 (USD 1.98) per share to former Unruly shareholders which became admitted to trading on AIM on January 10, 2020 and are subject to a
18-months
lock-up.
In April 2019, following the acquisition of RhythmOne, as described in Note 19c, the Company issued 66,736,485 new shares for
every 33 RhythmOne shares held, so that following the completion of the Acquisition, the Company’s current shareholders held 50.1% and, RhythmOne Shareholders held 49.9% of the merged Group.
F-38
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 14:
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (Cont.)
4)
Own shares acquisition:
Following the Acquisition of RhythmOne, as described in Note 1, and as part of the Company’s Board of Director approvals
in April 2019 and June 2019 for a share buyback program for a total consideration of USD 25,000 thousand, the Company purchased during the year ended December 31, 2019 14,552,741 shares (of which 5,743,731 were purchased from former
related parties) for a total consideration of USD 24,737 thousands.
In March 2020, following the Company’s Board of
Director approvals for a share buyback program for a total consideration of USD 10,000 thousand, the Company purchased during the twelve months period ended December 31, 2020 5,277,220 shares for a total consideration of USD
9,965 thousand.
The Ordinary Shares acquired pursuant to the buyback programs reclassified as dormant shares under
the Israeli Companies Law (without any rights attached thereon) and held in treasury.
On December 17, 2020 the
Company has received approval from the Israeli court authorizing the distribution of a dividend and the repurchase of up to USD 20,000 thousand of the Company’s Ordinary Shares, if the Company elect to do so.
On December 22, 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors has approved another share buyback program for an aggregate
purchase price of up to USD 10,000 thousand.
Although the Company have paid dividends and share buybacks in the
past, the Company does not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance operations and expand its business.
NOTE 15:
EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 was based on the profit for the year divided
by a weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, calculated as follows:
Profit for the year:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Profit for the year
2,139
6,224
F-39
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 15:
EARNINGS PER SHARE (Cont.)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
Shares of NIS
0.01 par value
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate basic earnings per share as at
December 31
133,991,210
111,231,769
Basic earnings per share (in USD)
0.016
0.056
Diluted earnings per share:
The calculation of diluted earnings per share as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 was based on profit or for the year
divided by a weighted average number of shares outstanding after adjustment for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, calculated as follows:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted):
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
Shares of NIS
0.01 par value
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate basic earnings per share
133,991,210
111,231,769
Effect of share options on issue
4,714,985
3,576,114
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share
138,706,195
114,807,883
Diluted earnings per share (in USD)
0.015
0.054
NOTE 16:
SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS
a.
Share-based compensation plan:
The terms and conditions related to the grants of the share options programs are as follows:
•
All the share options that were granted are
non-marketable.
•
All options are to be settled by physical delivery of shares.
•
Vesting conditions are based on a service period of between 0.5-4 years.
On April 2, 2019 the Company’s shareholders adopted the New Tremor International Ltd. Management Incentive Scheme to
provide for the grant of 11,772,932 equity incentive awards to executive officers. In addition, following the Acquisition of RhythmOne, the Company’s shareholders adopted RhythmOne Plan to provide for the grant of 1,328,908 equity incentive
award to RhythmOne executives and employees.
F-40
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 16:
SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS (Cont.)
As part of the New Tremor International Ltd. Management Incentive Scheme,
and following the acquisition of RhythmOne, the Company’s shareholders approved a modification in the exercise price of 1,200,000 Company share options awarded to the CEO of the Group, out of which 1,080,000 share options will be vested subject
to meet the performance-based metrics, and the remaining options will be vested over a shorter service periods. Furthermore, restricted stock units of 400,000 to the Group’s CEO were modified for a shorter vesting periods.
As described in Note 1, part of the acquisition of RhythmOne, 849,325 RhythmOne’s options and 1,058,776 RSU’s were
replaced by to 458,946 and 869,962 of the Company’s options and RSU’s, respectively.
As part of the acquisition
of Unruly, as described in Note 1, the Group granted 415,074 restricted share units (RSU’s) to Unruly executives and employees to replace the
pre-acquisition
equity incentive awards held by such Unruly
executives and employees.
b.
Stock Options:
During 2020 and 2019, the Group granted 1,801,000 and 458,946 share options to its executive officers and employees,
respectively.
The number of share options is as follows:
Number of options
Weighted average
exercise price
2020
2019
2020
2019
(Thousands)
(GBP)
Outstanding at 1 January
4,828
7,731
2.89
3.10
Forfeited during the year
(1,621
)
(2,290
)
2.86
3.22
Exercised during the year
(1,227
)
(1,072
)
0.53
0.57
Granted during the year
1,801
—
1.62
—
Option assumed in Merger
—
459
—
4.38
Outstanding at December 31
3,781
4,828
1.60
2.89
Exercisable at December 31
51
2,054
In January 2020, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a change in the exercise
price and vesting terms relating to 2,204,174 options for ordinary shares held by certain employees (the “Amended Options”), as follows:
Originally granted
Amended Granted
Grated date
Number of
options
Exercise price
(GBP)
Exercisable date
from
Exercise price
(GBP)
Exercisable
date from
March 20, 2017
217,000
2.44
March 20, 2019
1.60
July 28, 2021
June 18, 2017
116,000
2.99
June 18, 2019
1.60
July 28, 2021
November 5, 2017
391,000
4.31
November 5, 2019
1.60
July 28, 2021
January 23, 2018
1,163,000
4.37
January 23, 2020
1.60
July 31, 2021
June 20, 2018
52,000
4.37
June 20, 2020
1.60
July 31, 2021
April 2, 2019 (*)
265,174
2.06-18.27
April 2, 2019
1.60
July 28, 2021
(*)
Granted as part of RhythmOne’s acquisition as listed above.
F-41
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 16:
SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS (Cont.)
The options that had a vesting date up to July 2021 will now vest and become
exercisable on July 2021, while the vesting and exercise periods of the rest of the options remain unchanged. The incremental fair value (amounting to USD 1,282 thousand) is recognized over the remaining vesting period. The new expiration date is
one year after the last exercise date.
Information on measurement of fair value of share-based payment plans:
The fair value of employees share options is measured using the Black-Scholes formula. Measurement inputs include the
share price on the measurement date, the exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility, expected term of the instruments, expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate (based on government debentures) (See Note 3i).
The parameters used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date of the equity-settled share-based payment plans were
as follows:
2020
2019
Grant date fair value in USD
0.76-1.267
0.01-0.56
Share price (on grant date) (in GBP)
1.27-2.22
1.79
Exercise price (in GBP)
1.38-2.24
1.56-18.27
Expected volatility (weighted average)
60%
45%
Expected life (weighted average)
3.5-3.75
0-3.38
Expected dividends
0.00%
1.35%
Risk-free interest rate
0.15%-1.46%
2.3%
The total expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020 with respect to the
options granted to employees, amounted to approximately USD 2,693 thousand.
c.
Restricted Share Units:
During 2020 and 2019, the Group granted 3,334,074 and 5,220,480 Restricted Share Units (RSU’s) to its executive officers
and employees, respectively.
The number of restricted share units is as follows:
Number of RSU’s
Weighted-
Average Grant
Date Fair Value
2020
2019
2020
2019
(Thousands)
Outstanding at 1 January
3,969
1,024
2.372
4.673
Forfeited during the year
(46
)
(198
)
2.511
3.744
Exercised during the year
(3,480
)
(2,077
)
2.296
2.574
Granted during the year
2,919
4,350
2.538
2.035
Restricted stock units assumed in acquisition during the year
415
870
2.786
2.347
Outstanding at December 31
3,777
3,969
2.364
2.372
The total expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020 with respect to the
options granted to employees, amounted to approximately USD 7,443 thousand.
F-42
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 16:
SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS (Cont.)
d.
Performance Stock Units:
During 2020 and 2019, the Group granted 725,000 and 4,350,796 Performance Stock Units (PSU’s) to its executive officers,
respectively.
The number of performance stock units is as follows:
Number of PSU’s
Weighted-
Average Grant
Date Fair Value
2020
2019
2020
2019
(Thousands)
Outstanding at January 1
5,071
1,080
2.105
2.904
Forfeited during the year
(206
)
—
2.211
—
Exercised during the year
(1,738
)
(360
)
2.185
2.904
Granted during the year
725
4,351
2.592
1.973
Outstanding at December 31
3,852
5,071
2.155
2.105
The vesting of the PSU’s is subject to continues employment and compliance with the
performance criteria determined by the Company’s Remuneration Committee and the Company’s Board of Directors.
The total expense recognized in the year ended December 31, 2020 with respect to the options granted to employees,
amounted to approximately USD 4,354 thousand.
e.
Expense recognized in the statement of operation and other comprehensive income is as follows:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Selling and marketing
4,515
1,257
Research and development
555
452
General and administrative
9,420
14,100
14,490
15,809
NOTE 17:
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
a.
Overview:
The Group has exposure to the following risks from its use of financial instruments:
•
Credit risk
•
Liquidity risk
•
Market risk
This note presents quantitative and qualitative information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, and
the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk.
F-43
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 17:
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont.)
In order to manage these risks and as described hereunder, the Group
executes transactions in derivative financial instruments. Presented hereunder is the composition of the derivatives:
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Derivatives presented under current assets
Forward exchange contracts used for hedging
836
—
Derivatives presented under
non-current
assets
Forward exchange contracts used for hedging
1,335
—
Total
2,171
—
b.
Risk management framework:
The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management
framework. The Board is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s risk management policies.
The
Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed
regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and management of standards and procedures, aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees
understand their roles and obligations.
The Group Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the
Group’s risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. The Group Audit Committee is assisted in its oversight role by Internal Audit. Internal Audit
undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported to the Audit Committee.
c.
Credit risk:
The Group’s credit risk is arise from the risk of financial loss if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument
fails to meet its contractual obligations.
d.
Exposure to credit risk
The carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure.
F-44
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 17:
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont.)
The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date was as follows:
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Cash and cash equivalents
97,463
79,047
Trade receivables, net (a)
153,544
96,829
Other receivables
2,379
1,567
long term deposit
499
965
Long Term Receivables
1,335
367
255,220
178,775
(a)
At December 31, 2020, the Group included provision for doubtful debts in the amount of USD
9,036 thousand (December 31, 2019: USD 22,376 thousand) in respect of collective impairment provision and specific debtors that their collectability is in doubt.
Allowance for
Doubtful debts
2020
2019
USD thousands
Balance at January 1
22,376
2,822
Business combination
1,201
16,417
Allowance for doubtful debts expenses
(1,091
)
3,394
Write-off
bad debt
(13,397
)
(303
)
Exchange rate difference
(53
)
46
Balance at December 31
9,036
22,376
e.
Liquidity risk:
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and
stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group’s reputation
As of
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Group’s contractual obligation of financial liability is in respect of leases, trade and other payables in the amount of USD 161,875 thousand and USD 101,008 thousand,
respectively. The contractual maturity of the financial liability that is less than one year is in the amount of USD 147,243 thousand and USD 86,376 thousand for December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively.
As part of the framework of the acquisition of Adinnovation INC (ADI) on July 17, 2017, the Company has a call option to
purchase the remaining 43% of the issued share capital of ADI for a price of 8x net profit and for a period of six months commencing three years after closing. Thereafter, ADI’s minority shareholders have a put option for a period of three
months to sell at a price of 7x net profit. As a result of the aforesaid, the Company recognized the acquisition of full control (100%) over ADI and recorded liability inherent in exercise of the option according
F-45
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 17:
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont.)
to its discounted value. The amount of the liability as at the acquisition date is estimated at USD 8,496 thousand and was estimated based on ADI’s current business results and
forecasts of ADI for the third year capitalized with annual discount rate of 2.9%. The Company elected to recognized changes in the value of the liability on every reporting date in shareholders’
equity. In 2019, the Company recorded a
revaluation to decrease the liability by USD 1,501 thousand, and in 2020, it was increased by USD 445 thousand.
In accordance with the terms of the framework acquisition, the Company exercised part of the call option on December 5,
2020, which will increase the Company’s share in ADI to 82%, following the closing, for total consideration of USD 1,734 thousand which was not paid as of December 31, 2020. The remaining value of the option liability as of
December 31, 2020 is USD 1,169 thousand (see Note 22).
f.
Market risk:
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, the CPM, interest rates and equity
prices will affect the Group’s income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimizing the return.
At December 31, 2020, USD 371 thousand are held in NIS, USD 7,369 thousand are held in GBP,
USD 2,061 thousand are held in EUR, USD 1,369 thousand are held in CAD, USD 6,591 thousand are held in JPY, USD 512 thousands are held in MXN, USD 1,120 thousand are held in SGD, USD 110 thousand are held in KRW, USD
1,835 thousands are held in AUD and USD 700 thousand are held in other currencies and the remainder held in USD.
g.
Sensitivity analysis:
A change as of December 31 in the exchange rates of the following currencies against the USD, as indicated below would
have affected the measurement of financial instruments denominated in a foreign currency and would have increased (decreased) profit or loss and shareholders’ equity by the amounts shown below (after tax). This analysis is based on foreign
currency exchange rate that the Group considered to be reasonably possible at the end of the reporting period. The analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecasted sales
and purchases. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2019.
2020
2019
GBP/USD
+10%
-10%
+10%
-10%
USD thousands
Profit / (Loss)
85
(85
)
—
—
Increase / (Decrease) in Shareholders’ Equity
(1,139
)
1,139
479
(479
)
2020
2019
NIS/USD
+10%
-10%
+10%
-10%
USD thousands
Profit / (Loss)
(798
)
798
(790
)
790
Increase / (Decrease) in Shareholders’ Equity
835
(835
)
906
(906
)
F-46
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 17:
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Cont.)
Linkage and foreign currency risks
Currency risk
The Group is not exposed to currency risk on sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the respective
functional currency of the Group, the USD. The principal currencies in which these transactions are denominated are GBP, NIS, Euro, CAD, SGD, KRW, MXN, AUD and JPY.
At any point in time, the Group aims to match the amounts of its assets and liabilities in the same currency in order to hedge
the exposure to changes in currency.
In respect of other monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies, the Group ensures that its net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates when necessary to address short-term imbalances.
NOTE 18:
RELATED PARTIES
a.
Compensation and benefits to key management personnel
Executive officers also participate in the Company’s share option programs. For further information see Note 16 regarding
share-based payments.
Compensation and benefits to key management personnel (including directors) that are employed by
the Company and its subsidiaries:
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
Share-based payments
7,061
12,607
Other compensation and benefits
3,932
3,948
10,993
16,555
b.
As of December 31, 2020, an amount of USD 2,746 thousand was due to a related party for
proceeds due to sale of shares (See Note 9).
c.
In 2019, an amount of USD 130 thousand was paid to a related party due to its efforts in the
acquisition of RhythmOne.
F-47
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 19:
SUBSIDIARIES
a.
Details in respect of subsidiaries:
Presented hereunder is a list of the Group’s subsidiary:
Principal
location of the
Company’s
activity
The Group’s ownership interest
in the subsidiary for the
year ended
December 31
Name of company
2020
2019
Taptica Inc
USA
100%
100%
Tremor Video Inc
USA
100%
100%
Adinnovation Inc
Japan
57%
57%
Taptica Japan
Japan
100%
100%
Taptica UK
United Kingdom
100%
100%
RhythmOne PLC
UK
100%
100%
RhythmOne Holding Inc
USA
100%
100%
YuMe Inc *
USA
100%
100%
Perk.com US Inc *
USA
100%
100%
Perk.com Canada Inc
Canada
100%
100%
R1Demand LLC *
USA
100%
100%
RhythmOne LLC
USA
100%
100%
Unruly holdings Ltd*
UK
100%
0%
Unruly Group Ltd
UK
100%
0%
Unruly Media GmbH
Germany
100%
0%
Unruly Media Pte Ltd*
Singapore
100%
0%
Unruly Media Pty Ltd
Australia
100%
0%
Unruly Media KK
Japan
100%
0%
Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd
Malaysia
100%
0%
Unruly Media Inc
USA
100%
0%
*
Under these companies, there are twenty five (25) wholly owned subsidiaries that are inactive and in
liquidation process.
b.
Acquisition of subsidiaries and business combinations during the current period:
Acquisition of Unruly:
On January 4, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Unruly Holdings Limited and Unruly Media Inc. from News Corp
UK & Ireland Limited (UK Seller) and News Preferred Holdings Inc. (US Seller) for total consideration of: (i) issuance of 7,960,111 Ordinary Shares of the Company to the UK Seller in exchange for a loan in the amount of GBP
12,020 thousand (USD 15,729 thousand) between UK Seller (as lender) and Unruly Group Limited (as borrower); (ii) GBP 1 to UK Seller for 100% of the issued share capital of Unruly Holdings Limited; and (iii) issuance of 565,212 Ordinary
Shares of the Company to the US Seller and USD 1 for 100% of the issued share capital of Unruly Media Inc.
The issuance
of an aggregate 8,525,323 Ordinary Shares of the Company to UK Seller and US Seller represented approximately 6.91% of the Company’s issued voting share capital at such time. The Sellers agreed not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of such
Company Ordinary Shares for an
18-month
period, subject to customary exceptions.
F-48
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 19:
SUBSIDIARIES (Cont.)
At the same time, Tremor Video entered into a Master Service Agreement (MSA)
with the UK seller for an exclusive right to sell outstream video on various News Corp titles world-wide on a committed ad spend of GBP 30,000 thousand over a three-year period with an option to extend the MSA by two quarters at the discretion
of UK seller. The obligation for the net discounted future payments exceeding market fair value aggregated to USD 14,073 thousand and is recognized according to the actual consumption. As of December 31, 2020, the ad spend liability
balance aggregated to USD 13,811 thousand.
The following summarizes the major classes of consideration transferred,
and the recognized amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:
USD thousands
Equity instruments issued (1)
936
Ad spend liability (2)
14,073
UK debt (3)
13,181
Total purchase price
28,190
(1)
The fair value of the Ordinary shares issued was based on the quoted price of GBP 1.51 per share considering
the restrictions on sell of the shares as detail above.
(2)
The Ad spend liability fair value was determined based on the unfavorable aspect of the contract to the
Company relative to market prices. The Ad spend liability is included in other payables and other long term liabilities.
(3)
The fair value of the UK debt was based on the quoted price of GBP 1.51 per share considering the
restrictions on sell of the shares as detail above.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
USD thousands
Cash and Cash equivalents
7,095
Accounts Receivables
19,383
Other receivables
1,761
Institutions- Tax income
211
Fixed Assets
830
Deferred tax assets
3,363
Long term lease assets
1,026
Intangible assets
23,207
Current maturities of lease liabilities
(2,403
)
Trade payables
(24,564
)
Other Payables
(11,343
)
Long-term lease liabilities
(3,845
)
Deferred tax liabilities
(4,409
)
Net identifiable assets
10,312
Measurement of fair values:
The fair value of the brand and the technology is based on the discounted estimated royalty payments that have been generated
if as a result of the trademark being licensed.
F-49
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 19:
SUBSIDIARIES (Cont.)
The fair value of the
non-compete
is
based on the differences between two discounted estimated cash flow models, with and without the asset in place.
The fair
value of customer relationships and backlog is determined using the multi-period excess earnings method, whereby the subject asset is valued after deducting a fair return on all other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows.
The following table summarizes the components of the acquired intangible assets and estimated useful lives (in thousands,
except for estimated useful life) as of the acquisition date:
Amount
Estimated
Useful Life
USD thousands
Backlog
162
1
Non Compete
906
1.5
Technology
1,658
1
Customer relations
10,054
5
Brand
10,427
5
23,207
The aggregate cash flow derived for the Company as a result of the Unruly acquisition:
USD thousands
Cash and cash equivalents at Unruly
7,095
Acquisition costs
(887
)
Acquisition of subsidiary – Cash
6,208
Goodwill
Goodwill was recognized as a result of the acquisition as follows:
USD thousands
Consideration transferred
28,190
Less fair value of identifiable net assets
10,312
Goodwill
17,878
The goodwill is attributable mainly to the increase offering to customers, enhanced
opportunities for growth and the synergies expected to be achieved from integration into the Company’s digital advertising platforms (see also Note 7 on intangible assets). None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax
purposes.
Acquisition-related costs
The Company incurred acquisition-related costs of USD 887 thousand related to finders’ fees, legal fees and due
diligence costs. These costs have been included in general and administrative expenses in the statement of operation.
F-50
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 19:
SUBSIDIARIES (Cont.)
c.
Acquisition of business combination in prior periods
Acquisition of RhythmOne
:
On April 1, 2019, the Company completed Acquisition Transaction (hereinafter- “Acquisition”) with RhythmOne
Plc, a Company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, whereby the Company acquired the entire issued ordinary shares of RhythmOne and each RhythmOne shareholder received 28 new shares of the Company (as such new 66,736,485 shares of the
Company were issued , see also Note 14(3)) for every 33 RhythmOne shares held, so that following the completion of the Acquisition, the Company’s current shareholders held 50.1% and, RhythmOne Shareholders held 49.9% of the merged Group. In
addition, 849,325 options and 1,058,776 restricted shares units over RhythmOne share awarded were rolled over to 458,946 the Company’s options and to 869,962 the Company’s restricted units (hereinafter- “Replacement Award”). The
consideration of the Acquisition amounted to USD 176,421 thousand (including consideration allocated to issuance of ordinary shares and Replacement Award).
NOTE 20:
OPERATING SEGMENTS
The Group has a single reportable segment as a provider of marketing services.
Geographical information
The Company is domiciled in Israel and it produces its income primarily in USA, Israel, China, Germany, Japan, India and UK.
In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, segment revenue is based on the geographical location of
consumers.
Year ended
December 31
2020
2019
USD thousands
America
180,515
261,534
APAC
20,804
33,052
EMEA
10,601
31,174
Total
(1)
211,920
325,760
(1)
In the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 programmatic revenue is reported on a net basis and gross
basis, respectively and performance revenue reported on gross basis in both years (see Note 3k).
In
2019, media cost amounted to USD 113,251 thousand in America, USD 887 thousand in APAC and USD 3,163 thousand in EMEA.
NOTE 21:
CONTINGENT LIABILITY
a.
On December 10, 2020, Taptica entered into a settlement agreement with Uber. There was no court
finding as to wrongdoing by the Company or on the merits of the lawsuit. The Company made no admission of any liability or wrongdoing. In the settlement it was agreed that Taptica will pay a total amount of USD 1,700 thousand to Uber, which
resulted in the full dismissal of the case against Taptica.
F-51
Table of Contents
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 21:
CONTINGENT LIABILITY (Cont.)
b.
In January 2018, AlmondNet, Inc. and its affiliates (Datonics LLC and Intent IQ) contacted RhythmOne
asserting that RhythmOne’s online advertising system infringes eleven U.S. Patents owned by the AlmondNet Group. As of the date of this report, a claim was never filed and RhythmOne is currently in a commercial agreement with AlmondNet’s
affiliate. The Company believes that the likelihood of a material loss is remote but at this point is unable to reasonably estimate any potential loss and financial impact to the Company resulting from this matter.
NOTE 22:
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
D.A. Consortium, Inc., a minority shareholder of ADI, exercised, effective March 5, 2021, its
put option pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement dated July 17, 2016, as amended November 20, 2020, to sell to Taptica Japan GK, a wholly owned subsidiary, its entire shareholding in ADI, reflecting 2,120 Class B Shares of ADI, for a
purchase price equal to seven times the actual net profit of ADI for the last fiscal year, see Note 17 (e), reflecting approximately USD 1,169 thousand. Following the closing of the put option exercise, the Company will own through its
subsidiary 100% of the share capital of ADI.
F-52
Table of Contents
Through and including                 , 2021 (the 25th
day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver
a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions.
Table of Contents
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
Item 6.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
Under the Israeli Companies Law, 5759-1999 (the “Companies Law”), a company may not exculpate an office holder from
liability for a breach of the duty of loyalty. An Israeli company may exculpate an office holder in advance from liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the company as a result of a breach of duty of care but only if a
provision authorizing such exculpation is included in its articles of association. Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering include such a provision. An Israeli company may not exculpate a
director from liability arising out of a prohibited dividend or distribution to shareholders.
An Israeli company may
indemnify an office holder in respect of the following liabilities and expenses incurred for acts performed as an office holder, either in advance of an event or following an event, provided a provision authorizing such indemnification is contained
in its articles of association:
•
a financial liability imposed on him or her in favor of another person pursuant to a judgment, including a
settlement or arbitrator’s award approved by a court. However, if an undertaking to indemnify an office holder with respect to such liability is provided in advance, then such an undertaking must be limited to events which, in the opinion of
the board of directors, can be foreseen based on the company’s activities when the undertaking to indemnify is given, and to an amount or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances, and such
undertaking shall detail the abovementioned events and amount or criteria;
•
reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the office holder (1) as a result of an
investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding,
provided
that (i) no indictment was filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or
proceeding; and (ii) no financial liability, such as a criminal penalty, was imposed upon him or her as a substitute for the criminal proceeding as a result of such investigation or proceeding or, if such financial liability was imposed, it was
imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; and (2) in connection with a monetary sanction;
•
reasonable litigation expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the office holder or imposed by a court in
proceedings instituted against him or her by the company, on its behalf or by a
third-party
or in connection with criminal proceedings in which the office holder was acquitted or as a result of a conviction
for an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; and
•
expenses, including reasonable litigation expenses and legal fees, incurred by an office holder in relation to
an administrative proceeding instituted against such office holder, or certain compensation payments made to an injured party imposed on an office holder by an administrative proceeding, pursuant to certain provisions of the Israeli Securities Law,
5728-1968.
If and to the extent provided in the company’s articles of association, an Israeli
company may insure an office holder against the following liabilities incurred for acts performed as an office holder:
•
a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company, to the extent that the office holder acted in good faith and
had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not prejudice the company;
•
a breach of the duty of care to the company or to a
third-party,
including a breach arising out of the negligent conduct of the office holder;
•
a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a
third-party;
•
a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a
third-party
harmed by a breach in an administrative proceeding; and
II-1
Table of Contents
•
expenses, including reasonable litigation expenses and legal fees, incurred by the office holder as a result
of an administrative proceeding instituted against him or her, pursuant to certain provisions of the Israeli Securities Law.
An Israeli company may not indemnify or insure an office holder against any of the following:
•
a breach of the duty of loyalty, except to the extent that the office holder acted in good faith and had a
reasonable basis to believe that the act would not prejudice the company;
•
a breach of the duty of care committed intentionally or recklessly, excluding a breach arising out of the
negligent conduct of the office holder;
•
an act or omission committed with intent to derive illegal personal benefit; or
•
a fine, monetary sanction or forfeit levied against the office holder.
Under the Companies Law, exculpation, indemnification and insurance of office holders must be approved by the compensation
committee and the board of directors (and, with respect to directors and the chief executive officer, by shareholders). However, under regulations promulgated under the Companies Law, the insurance of office holders does not require shareholder
approval and may be approved by only the compensation committee, if the engagement terms are determined in accordance with the company’s compensation policy, which policy was approved by the shareholders by the same special majority required to
approve a compensation policy, provided that the insurance policy is on market terms and the insurance policy is not likely to materially impact the company’s profitability, assets or obligations.
Our amended and restated articles of association to be effective upon the closing of this offering allow us to exculpate,
indemnify and insure our office holders for any liability imposed on them as a consequence of an act (including any omission) which was performed by virtue of being an office holder. Our office holders are currently covered by a directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance policy.
We have entered into agreements with each of our directors and executive
officers exculpating them, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from liability to us for damages caused to us as a result of a breach of duty of care, and undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by law. This indemnification
is limited to events determined as foreseeable by the board of directors based on our activities and to an amount or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances.
Effective as of the date of this offering, the maximum indemnification amount set forth in such agreements is limited to an
amount equal to the higher of $50 million and 25% of our total shareholder’s equity as reflected in our most recent consolidated financial statements prior to the date on which the indemnity payment is made (other than indemnification for
an offering of securities to the public, including by a shareholder in a secondary offering, in which case the maximum indemnification amount is limited to the gross proceeds raised by us and/or any selling shareholder in such public offering). The
maximum amount set forth in such agreements is in addition to any amount paid (if paid) under insurance and/or by a
third-party
pursuant to an indemnification arrangement.
In the opinion of the SEC, indemnification of directors and office holders for liabilities arising under the Securities Act,
however, is against public policy and therefore unenforceable.
There is no pending litigation or proceeding against any
of our office holders as to which indemnification is being sought, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any office holder.
Item 7.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.
During the past three years, we issued securities which were not registered under the Securities Act as set forth below. We
believe that each of such issuances was exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, Rule 701 and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act.
II-2
Table of Contents
The following is a summary of transactions during the preceding three fiscal
years involving sales of our securities that were not registered under the Securities Act.
In January 2018, we issued
4,850,000 ordinary shares to the public at an issue price of 450 pence per share, raising gross proceeds of approximately £21.8 million.
In April 2019, we issued 66,736,485 ordinary shares as consideration for the acquisition of RhythmOne plc.
In January 2020, we issued 8,525,323 ordinary shares as consideration for the acquisition of Unruly Holdings Limited and
Unruly Media, Inc.
No underwriter or underwriting discount or commission was involved in any of the transactions set
forth in Item 7.
Item 8.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or the information is otherwise set forth in
the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto.
Item 9.
Undertakings.
(a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the
underwriting agreement certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
(b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”) may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of
expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(c)
The undersigned registrant hereby further undertakes that:
(1)
For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of
prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of
this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective.
(2)
For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each
post-effective
amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial
bona fide
offering thereof.
II-3
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT INDEX
Exhibit No.
Description
1.1*
Form of Underwriting Agreement
3.1*
Articles of Association of the Registrant
3.2*
Form of Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Registrant to be effective upon the closing of this
offering
4.1*
Form of Deposit Agreement
4.2*
Form of American Depositary Receipt
5.1*
Opinion of Naschitz, Brandes, Amir & Co., counsel to the Registrant, as to the validity of the ordinary shares
(including consent)
10.1*
Form of Indemnification Agreement
10.2*#
Global Share Incentive Plan (2011), as amended
10.3*#
2017 Equity Share Incentive Plan, as amended
10.4*#
Remuneration Policy for Directors and Executives
21.1*
List of subsidiaries of the Registrant
23.1*
Consent of Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International, an independent registered public accounting
firm
23.2*
Consent of Naschitz, Brandes, Amir & Co. (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1*
Powers of Attorney (included in signature page to Registration Statement)
*
To be filed by amendment.
#
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.
II-4
Table of Contents
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable
grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
F-1
and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Tel
Aviv, Israel on this          day of         , 2021.
TREMOR INTERNATIONAL LTD.
By:
Name:
Title:
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS that each person whose signature appears below hereby
constitutes and appoints              and              and each of them, his or her true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact
and agents, with full power to act separately and full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in
any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement and all additional registration statements pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the
same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto each said
attorney-in-fact
and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-fact
and agents or either
of them or his or her or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons on             , 2021 in the capacities indicated:
Name
Title
Ofer Druker
Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
Sagi Niri
Chief Financial Officer and Director
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
Yaniv Carmi
Chief Operating Officer and Director
Christopher Stibbs
Non-Executive Chairperson
Rebekah Brooks
Director
Norm Johnston
Director
Neil Jones
Director
Joanna Parnell
Director
Lisa Klinger
Director
II-5
Table of Contents
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED U.S. REPRESENTATIVE OF REGISTRANT
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the undersigned, the duly authorized representative in
the United States of Tremor International Ltd. has signed this registration statement on             , 2021.
By:
Name:
Title:
II-6